abandon
abandoning
abbreviations
abilities
ability
ability debate
ability explain
ability flow
ability solve
ability understand
able
able answer
able articulate
able defend
able explain
able flow
able follow
able hear
able justify
able read
able solve
able tell
able understand
able win
ableism
ableist
ableist homophobic
absence
absent
absolute
absolute best
absolutely
absolutely necessary
abstract
absurd
abuse
abuse don
abuse don t
abuse round
abuse story
abuse vote
abuse voter
abused
abusing
abusive
abusive counterplans
abusive cps
ac
ac ac
ac aff
ac ar
ac arguments
ac case
ac does
ac don
ac don t
ac evidence
ac impact
ac just
ac nc
ac plan
ac s
ac theory
ac think
academia
academic
academic background
academic debate
academic research
academically
academics
academy
accept
acceptable
accepted
accepting
access
access aff
accesses
accessibility
accessible
accessing
accidentally
accommodate
accommodations
accompanied
accomplish
according
accordingly
account
accountable
accuracy
accurate
accurately
accusation
accusations
accused
accusing
accusing team
achieve
achieved
achieving
acknowledge
acronym
acronyms
acronyms topic
acs
act
act like
acting
action
action aff
action good
actions
active
active debate
actively
actively involved
activism
activist
activities
activity
activity best
activity debate
activity debaters
activity like
activity love
activity m
activity make
activity means
activity s
activity think
activity try
activity want
activity years
actor
actor fiat
actors
acts
actual
actual abuse
actually
actually does
actually enjoy
actually explain
actually know
actually make
actually read
actually say
actually says
ad
ad hominem
ad hominem attacks
ada
adapt
adaptation
adapting
add
add chain
add email
add email chain
add ons
added
addendum
adding
addition
additional
additionally
address
addressed
addresses
addressing
adds
adequate
adequately
adhere
adjudicate
adjudicate debate
adjudicate debates
adjudicate round
adjudicating
adjudication
adjudicator
adjust
adjust accordingly
adjusted
adjusting
administration
admit
admittedly
admitting
adopt
adopted
adopting
ads
adult
adv
advance
advanced
advances
advancing
advantage
advantage counterplans
advantage cp
advantage cps
advantage da
advantage don
advantage don t
advantageous
advantages
advantages disadvantages
advantages solvency
advice
advise
advised
advocacies
advocacy
advocacy negative
advocacy skills
advocacy statement
advocacy statements
advocate
advocated
advocates
advocating
aff able
aff ac
aff actually
aff advantage
aff advantages
aff advocacy
aff aff
aff affirmative
aff alt
aff answers
aff argument
aff arguments
aff bad
aff ballot
aff best
aff better
aff bias
aff burden
aff case
aff clear
aff clearly
aff conditionality
aff counter
aff cp
aff cps
aff da
aff debate
aff debates
aff debating
aff default
aff defend
aff defends
aff defense
aff does
aff doesn
aff doesn t
aff doing
aff don
aff don t
aff end
aff evidence
aff explain
aff fails
aff framework
aff fw
aff generally
aff generic
aff gets
aff gets weigh
aff getting
aff goes
aff going
aff good
aff good idea
aff ground
aff impact
aff impact turns
aff impacts
aff important
aff interp
aff isn
aff isn t
aff just
aff k
aff key
aff know
aff leaning
aff like
aff likely
aff link
aff links
aff ll
aff lot
aff m
aff make
aff make sure
aff makes
aff means
aff necessary
aff need
aff needs
aff neg
aff neg ground
aff negative
aff net
aff net benefit
aff new
aff offense
aff perm
aff perms
aff permutation
aff plan
aff policy
aff possible
aff prefer
aff presumption
aff pretty
aff probably
aff prove
aff read
aff reading
aff reads
aff really
aff reason
aff reasonably
aff resolution
aff round
aff s
aff s counter
aff s impact
aff s impacts
aff s interpretation
aff s offense
aff s plan
aff said
aff saying
aff says
aff shouldn
aff shouldn t
aff solve
aff solvency
aff solves
aff specific
aff specifically
aff t
aff team
aff teams
aff tell
aff theory
aff theory arguments
aff think
aff topic
aff topical
aff topicality
aff uniquely
aff unless
aff use
aff using
aff usually
aff v
aff v k
aff ve
aff vote
aff vs
aff vs k
aff want
aff way
aff weigh
aff win
aff winning
aff wins
aff won
aff world
aff yes
affairs
affect
affect speaker
affect speaker points
affected
affects
affiliated
affiliation
affiliations
affirm
affirm resolution
affirm topic
affirmation
affirmative affirmative
affirmative arguments
affirmative burden
affirmative case
affirmative debates
affirmative defend
affirmative defends
affirmative does
affirmative doesn
affirmative doesn t
affirmative don
affirmative don t
affirmative framework
affirmative interpretation
affirmative make
affirmative makes
affirmative needs
affirmative negative
affirmative plan
affirmative probably
affirmative read
affirmative s
affirmative solvency
affirmative team
affirmative teams
affirmative theory
affirmative think
affirmative topical
affirmative win
affirmatives
affirmatives defend
affirmatives don
affirmatives don t
affirmatives m
affirmatives need
affirmatives plan
affirmatives think
affirmatives topical
affirming
affs aff
affs affs
affs bad
affs better
affs debate
affs defend
affs don
affs don t
affs explain
affs framework
affs generally
affs good
affs just
affs k
affs like
affs m
affs make
affs need
affs performance
affs plan
affs plans
affs prefer
affs probably
affs read
affs really
affs run
affs say
affs t
affs tend
affs think
affs topical
affs usually
affs v
affs vote
affs vs
affs vs k
affs win
afraid
afraid run
afro
afro pessimism
afropessimism
agamben
age
agency
agenda
agent
agent counterplans
agent cp
agent cp s
agent cps
agents
aggression
aggressive
agnostic
ago
agonism
agree
agreed
agreeing
agreement
agrees
ahead
ahead time
ai
aid
aim
ain
ain t
air
aka
akin
albeit
alex
aliens
alive
allegations
alliances
allocation
allow
allowed
allowing
allows
alongside
alot
aloud
alright
alt
alt aff
alt causes
alt cp
alt debate
alt does
alt doesn
alt doesn t
alt don
alt don t
alt functions
alt isn
alt isn t
alt just
alt k
alt looks
alt looks like
alt s
alt solve
alt solvency
alt solves
alt solves aff
alt solves case
alt win
alter
altering
alternate
alternative
alternative debate
alternative does
alternative doesn
alternative doesn t
alternative don
alternative don t
alternative framework
alternative functions
alternative looks
alternative looks like
alternative method
alternative model
alternative solve
alternative solvency
alternative solves
alternative way
alternatively
alternatives
altogether
alts
amazing
amenable
america
american
amounts
analogies
analysis
analysis cards
analysis evidence
analysis impact
analysis m
analysis make
analytic
analytic argument
analytic arguments
analytical
analytical argument
analytical arguments
analytics
analytics doc
analytics speech
analyze
analyzed
analyzing
anarchy
angeles
anger
angle
angry
animal
animals
announce
annoy
annoyed
annoying
annoys
answer
answer aff
answer argument
answer arguments
answer case
answer cx
answer framework
answer k
answer perm
answer question
answer questions
answer team
answer team s
answered
answering
answering arguments
answering framework
answering k
answering questions
answers
answers argument
answers questions
anthro
anthropocentrism
anti
anti black
anti blackness
anti topical
antiblackness
anticipate
antithetical
antitrust
antonio
anybody
anymore
anytime
anyways
apart
apologize
apology
apparent
apparently
appeal
appealing
appeals
appear
appearance
appears
applicability
applicable
application
applications
applied
applies
applies aff
applies theory
apply
apply aff
apply arguments
apply case
applying
appreciate
appreciate debaters
appreciate good
appreciate teams
appreciated
appreciation
approach
approach debate
approach judging
approach topic
approached
approaches
approaches debate
approaching
appropriate
appropriately
ar
ar ar
ar arguments
ar doesn
ar doesn t
ar gets
ar likely
ar m
ar make
ar nr
ar nr ar
ar s
ar theory
arbitrarily
arbitrary
area
areas
aren
aren t
aren t arguments
aren t going
aren t necessarily
arent
arg
arg s
arg team
args
args debate
args don
args don t
args k
args like
args need
arguably
argue
argued
arguement
arguements
argues
arguing
argument aff
argument affirmative
argument answer
argument ar
argument argument
argument arguments
argument bad
argument based
argument believe
argument best
argument better
argument card
argument case
argument choice
argument claim
argument claim warrant
argument clear
argument clearly
argument comparison
argument conceded
argument consists
argument consists claim
argument counterplans
argument cp
argument critical
argument debate
argument debaters
argument default
argument development
argument does
argument doesn
argument doesn t
argument don
argument don t
argument dropped
argument e
argument end
argument enjoy
argument especially
argument evaluate
argument evidence
argument explain
argument explained
argument extended
argument final
argument flow
argument framework
argument functions
argument going
argument good
argument impact
argument important
argument instead
argument interaction
argument isn
argument isn t
argument judge
argument just
argument k
argument know
argument like
argument likely
argument link
argument links
argument ll
argument long
argument lot
argument m
argument make
argument make sure
argument makes
argument making
argument means
argument need
argument needs
argument neg
argument negative
argument new
argument nr
argument persuaded
argument persuasive
argument plan
argument preference
argument preferences
argument presented
argument probably
argument quality
argument question
argument read
argument reading
argument really
argument reason
argument round
argument run
argument s
argument said
argument says
argument selection
argument specific
argument style
argument t
argument team
argument team conditionality
argument team unless
argument tell
argument testing
argument theory
argument think
argument time
argument topicality
argument true
argument true argument
argument try
argument types
argument unless
argument usually
argument ve
argument vote
argument want
argument warrant
argument way
argument win
argument winning
argument won
argument won t
argumentation
argumentation debate
argumentative
arguments ac
arguments actually
arguments advanced
arguments aff
arguments aff neg
arguments affirmative
arguments affs
arguments answering
arguments appreciate
arguments ar
arguments aren
arguments aren t
arguments argument
arguments arguments
arguments articulated
arguments ask
arguments assume
arguments author
arguments bad
arguments based
arguments beat
arguments believe
arguments best
arguments better
arguments cards
arguments case
arguments certain
arguments claim
arguments claim warrant
arguments claims
arguments clash
arguments clear
arguments clearly
arguments comfortable
arguments compelling
arguments conditionality
arguments considered
arguments context
arguments contrary
arguments cp
arguments critical
arguments d
arguments da
arguments debate
arguments debated
arguments debater
arguments debaters
arguments debates
arguments default
arguments depth
arguments developed
arguments did
arguments didn
arguments didn t
arguments different
arguments directly
arguments disads
arguments does
arguments does mean
arguments doesn
arguments doesn t
arguments don
arguments don t
arguments dropped
arguments e
arguments e g
arguments end
arguments enjoy
arguments especially
arguments evaluate
arguments evidence
arguments example
arguments expect
arguments explain
arguments explained
arguments explicitly
arguments extended
arguments extremely
arguments fair
arguments fairly
arguments fairness
arguments familiar
arguments favor
arguments feel
arguments final
arguments fine
arguments flow
arguments framework
arguments fun
arguments function
arguments general
arguments generally
arguments given
arguments going
arguments good
arguments great
arguments grounded
arguments high
arguments impact
arguments impacts
arguments important
arguments include
arguments instead
arguments interact
arguments judge
arguments just
arguments k
arguments know
arguments kritiks
arguments ks
arguments like
arguments likely
arguments line
arguments line line
arguments link
arguments links
arguments ll
arguments long
arguments lose
arguments love
arguments m
arguments make
arguments make sense
arguments make sure
arguments makes
arguments making
arguments matter
arguments matters
arguments mean
arguments means
arguments need
arguments neg
arguments negative
arguments nr
arguments opponent
arguments opponents
arguments order
arguments outside
arguments particularly
arguments people
arguments performance
arguments persuasive
arguments plan
arguments point
arguments policy
arguments possible
arguments prefer
arguments presented
arguments presented round
arguments pretty
arguments probably
arguments prove
arguments provide
arguments rarely
arguments read
arguments reading
arguments really
arguments reason
arguments reason reject
arguments reasons
arguments reasons reject
arguments rebuttals
arguments regarding
arguments regardless
arguments related
arguments relevant
arguments rely
arguments require
arguments round
arguments run
arguments s
arguments said
arguments say
arguments seriously
arguments shouldn
arguments shouldn t
arguments sides
arguments simply
arguments speak
arguments speaker
arguments specific
arguments speech
arguments speed
arguments start
arguments strategic
arguments strategies
arguments strong
arguments styles
arguments supported
arguments t
arguments team
arguments teams
arguments tell
arguments tend
arguments terms
arguments theory
arguments things
arguments think
arguments thought
arguments time
arguments topic
arguments topicality
arguments traditional
arguments true
arguments true arguments
arguments try
arguments understand
arguments unless
arguments use
arguments used
arguments using
arguments usually
arguments value
arguments ve
arguments vote
arguments voting
arguments want
arguments warranted
arguments warrants
arguments way
arguments weigh
arguments willing
arguments win
arguments winning
arguments won
arguments won t
arise
arizona
arms
army
arrive
arrogant
ars
art
article
articles
articulate
articulate arguments
articulate impact
articulate link
articulate world
articulated
articulated round
articulates
articulating
articulation
articulations
artificial
artificially
arts
asian
aside
ask answer
ask cards
ask clarification
ask cx
ask debate
ask don
ask don t
ask good
ask person
ask question
ask questions
ask questions round
ask round
ask slow
ask specific
asked
asking
asking questions
asks
aspec
aspect
aspect debate
aspects
aspects debate
ass
assault
assert
asserted
asserting
assertion
assertions
assertive
asserts
assess
assessing
assessment
assessments
asshole
assign
assign speaker
assign speaker points
assigned
assigning
assist
assistance
assistant
assistant coach
assistant coach university
assistant debate
assistant debate coach
assistant director
assistant director debate
assistant professor
assisting
associate
associated
assume
assume don
assume don t
assume familiar
assume know
assume know talking
assume ll
assume m
assume read
assume understand
assume ve
assumed
assumes
assuming
assumption
assumptions
asu
atlanta
atrocious
attached
attack
attacking
attacks
attempt
attempt evaluate
attempting
attempts
attend
attended
attending
attention
attentive
attitude
attorney
audience
audio
auditory
austin
author
author names
author qualifications
author s
authority
authors
authors read
auto
auto vote
auto win
automatic
automatic loss
automatically
automatically vote
available
avenue
average
average judge
average speaker
average speaker points
aversion
avoid
avoid clash
avoided
avoiding
avoids
award
award speaker
award speaker points
awarded
awarding
awards
aware
awareness
away
away debate
away murder
awesome
awful
awhile
awkward
b
b c
ba
baby
backed
backfile
backfiles
background
background critical
background currently
background debated
background debated years
background knowledge
background policy
background years
bad aff
bad args
bad argument
bad arguments
bad bad
bad cards
bad da
bad debate
bad debates
bad don
bad don t
bad education
bad evidence
bad good
bad idea
bad impact
bad isn
bad isn t
bad judge
bad just
bad k
bad m
bad neg
bad ones
bad politics
bad probably
bad process
bad reason
bad s
bad states
bad t
bad theory
bad thing
bad things
bad think
bad time
bad vote
bad way
bad win
badly
balance
balanced
ball
ballot aff
ballot argument
ballot arguments
ballot clear
ballot debate
ballot decision
ballot does
ballot doesn
ballot doesn t
ballot don
ballot don t
ballot framework
ballot impact
ballot important
ballot judge
ballot just
ballot k
ballot like
ballot m
ballot make
ballot means
ballot need
ballot neg
ballot role
ballot role judge
ballot s
ballot say
ballot t
ballot theory
ballot think
ballot topicality
ballot unless
ballot vote
ballots
banking
bar
bare
bare minimum
barely
barrier
barring
base
base decision
based arguments
based arguments presented
based arguments round
based debate
based debaters
based evidence
based flow
based impacts
based personal
based said
based said debate
based solely
baseline
bases
basic
basically
basically just
basics
basis
bataille
battle
battles
baudrillard
baudrillard bataille
bay
baylor
baylor university
bc
beach
bear
bears
beat
beat bad
beat perm
beaten
beating
beats
beautiful
beauty
began
begin
beginning
begins
begs
behalf
behavior
behaviors
behoove
beings
belief
beliefs
beliefs debate
believable
believe aff
believe affirmative
believe affirmatives
believe affs
believe arguments
believe ballot
believe best
believe debate
believe debate game
believe debaters
believe educational
believe framework
believe good
believe important
believe job
believe judge
believe judges
believe m
believe need
believe negative
believe s
believe strongly
believe theory
believe topicality
believe true
believe zero
believe zero risk
believer
believes
believing
belittle
belong
belongs
ben
beneficial
benefit
benefit analysis
benefit cp
benefit doubt
benefits
berkeley
best abilities
best ability
best adjudicate
best aff
best argument
best arguments
best best
best chance
best debate
best debaters
best debates
best debating
best decision
best don
best don t
best evaluate
best evaluate arguments
best evaluate debate
best flow
best follow
best impact
best judge
best judge debate
best just
best k
best let
best ll
best luck
best m
best make
best offense
best option
best policy
best possible
best served
best speeches
best strategy
best thing
best think
best try
best version
best vote
best way
best way win
best worst
bet
better aff
better affirmative
better argument
better arguments
better chance
better chance winning
better debate
better debaters
better debates
better debating
better doing
better don
better don t
better evidence
better framework
better generic
better going
better good
better impact
better job
better job debating
better judge
better just
better k
better link
better ll
better m
better make
better model
better neg
better negative
better opponent
better opponent s
better opponents
better option
better place
better position
better reading
better round
better s
better served
better speaker
better speaker points
better spent
better team
better teams
better theory
better think
better understand
better way
better win
better worse
beware
bias
biased
biases
bid
big
big deal
big difference
big fan
big impact
big k
big picture
big stick
big words
bigger
biggest
biggest fan
biggest pet
biggest thing
bigoted
billion
binary
bind
binding
binghamton
binghamton edu
binghamton university
bio
biopower
bit
bit slower
bit time
black
black people
black woman
blackness
blah
blake
blame
blank
blank slate
blanket
blanks
blatant
blatantly
blatantly offensive
blatantly racist
blaze
blip
blippy
blippy arguments
blippy theory
blippy theory arguments
blips
block
block ar
block don
block don t
block nr
blocks
blog
blow
blue
board
boat
bodies
body
boil
bold
bolded
bolster
bonus
bonus points
boo
book
books
boost
boost speaker
boost speaker points
boost speaks
borderline
bored
boring
boston
bother
bound
boundaries
bounds
box
bp
brain
branch
brand
brand new
bread
bread butter
breadth
break
breakdown
breaker
breaking
breaking new
breaks
breath
breathe
brian
brief
briefly
brightline
bring
bringing
brings
brink
broad
broader
broadly
broke
broken
bronx
bronx science
brought
brown
bs
buddhism
build
building
built
bulk
bullet
bullying
bump
bump speaks
bunch
bunch cards
burden
burden debaters
burden proof
burden prove
burden rejoinder
burden team
burdens
business
butler
butter
buy
buying
buzz
buzz words
buzzword
buzzwords
c
c p
c x
ca
cal
cal state
cal state fullerton
calc
calc important
calculation
calculus
calculus clear
calculus important
california
california state
california state university
called
calling
calling cards
calls
calum
came
camera
cameras
camp
camps
campus
candidate
cap
cap good
cap k
cap security
capable
capacity
capital
capitalism
capitalist
capitalize
capped
capture
card
card argument
card better
card card
card clipping
card debate
card doc
card does
card dump
card read
card s
card says
card text
carded
cards actually
cards arguments
cards better
cards cut
cards debate
cards did
cards don
cards don t
cards end
cards end debate
cards end round
cards evidence
cards good
cards highlighted
cards important
cards just
cards like
cards m
cards make
cards prefer
cards read
cards reading
cards round
cards s
cards say
cards speech
cards think
cards unless
cards want
cards x
care
care arguments
care debate
care evidence
care just
care lot
care read
cared
career
careful
carefully
cares
caring
carried
carries
carroll
carry
case ac
case advantage
case aff
case analysis
case args
case argument
case arguments
case better
case case
case cp
case da
case debate
case debate think
case debates
case debating
case defense
case disad
case disads
case does
case don
case don t
case flow
case good
case impact
case impacts
case important
case just
case k
case list
case lists
case love
case m
case make
case need
case neg
case negative
case nr
case offense
case outweighs
case page
case position
case positions
case s
case solves
case specific
case strategy
case t
case theory
case think
case turn
case turns
case vote
caselist
caselists
cases
cast
catch
categorically
categories
category
catholic
caught
causal
cause
cause arguments
caused
causes
causing
caution
caveat
caveats
cease
ceda
ceda debate
ceda debater
ceda nationals
ceda ndt
ceda nfa
ceda nfa ld
ceiling
center
centered
centers
central
central question
central questions
centric
centric judge
century
certain
certain arguments
certain kinds
certain parts
certain things
certain types
certain way
certainly
certainly don
certainly don t
certainty
certainty immediacy
chain
chain email
chain like
chains
challenge
challenged
challenges
challenging
champion
championship
championships
chance
chance ll
chance win
chance winning
chances
chances winning
change
change debate
change mind
change status
change status quo
change strategy
changed
changes
changing
character
characterize
charge
charts
chat
cheap
cheap shot
cheap shots
cheat
cheater
cheating
cheaty
check
checking
checklist
checks
chicago
child
children
chill
china
choice
choices
choose
choose arguments
choose defend
choose read
chooses
choosing
chose
chosen
chris
christian
chunk
ci
circuit
circuit ld
circuits
circular
circumstance
circumstances
circumvention
citation
citations
cite
cited
cites
citing
citizen
city
civ
civil
civility
civilization
civilization debates
civilizations
civs
cjr
claim
claim data
claim impact
claim warrant
claim warrant impact
claim warrant implication
claimed
claiming
claims
claims aff
claims evidence
claims likely
claims s
claims warrants
clarification
clarification questions
clarifications
clarified
clarify
clarifying
clarifying questions
clarion
clarity
clarity argument
clarity important
clarity matters
clarity speed
clash
clash arguments
clash civ
clash civilization
clash civilization debates
clash civilizations
clash civs
clash debate
clash debates
clash fairness
clash good
clash impact
clash important
clash round
clashes
clashing
class
classes
classic
classist
classroom
classy
clean
clean flow
cleaner
cleanly
clear abuse
clear aff
clear alt
clear alternative
clear analysis
clear argument
clear arguments
clear articulation
clear concise
clear debate
clear don
clear don t
clear explain
clear explanation
clear flow
clear framework
clear impact
clear impacts
clear internal
clear interp
clear interpretation
clear link
clear link story
clear links
clear ll
clear m
clear net
clear net benefit
clear organized
clear picture
clear possible
clear s
clear say
clear slow
clear solvency
clear speech
clear speed
clear story
clear t
clear t understand
clear tags
clear think
clear times
clear twice
clear understanding
clear violation
clear voters
clear warranted
clearer
clearing
clearly
clearly articulate
clearly articulated
clearly defined
clearly explain
clearly explained
clearly explaining
clearly understand
clever
climate
climate change
climate policy
clip
clip cards
clipped
clipping
clipping cards
clipping ethics
clock
close
close attention
close debates
closed
closely
closer
closest
closing
cloud
clue
coach
coach debate
coach judge
coach policy
coach teams
coach university
coach wake
coach years
coached
coached debate
coached high
coached high school
coached judged
coached policy
coached teams
coached university
coached years
coaches
coaching
coaching debate
coaching experience
coaching high
coaching high school
coaching judging
coaching policy
coalition
code
cogent
coherence
coherent
coherent argument
coherent story
coherently
cohesive
coin
col
cold
collapse
collapsed
collapses
collapsing
colleagues
collective
college career
college coached
college debate
college debate years
college debated
college debater
college debates
college high
college high school
college hs
college level
college m
college novice
college policy
college policy debate
college prep
college topic
college university
college years
collegiate
collegiate debate
colonial
colonialism
color
com add
com add email
com background
com coach
com college
com debate
com debated
com debater
com email
com email chain
com experience
com flow
com general
com include
com include email
com level
com pronouns
com tl
com tl dr
com use
com watch
com watch v
com yes
combat
combination
combined
combining
combo
come
come conclusion
come impact
come play
come round
comes
comes theory
comfort
comfort zone
comfortable
comfortable doing
comfortable judging
comfortable policy
comfortable voting
coming
comm
command
comment
commentary
comments
commit
commitment
commitments
committed
common
common sense
commonly
communicate
communicate arguments
communicated
communicating
communication
communication activity
communication skills
communication studies
communications
communicative
communicative activity
communities
community
community college
community consensus
community norm
community norms
community s
community years
comp
company
comparable
comparative
comparative analysis
comparative arguments
comparative claims
comparative impact
comparative impact calculus
comparatively
compare
compare arguments
compare evidence
compare impacts
compared
compares
comparing
comparing evidence
comparison
comparison arguments
comparison impact
comparison important
comparisons
compatible
compelled
compelling
compelling argument
compelling reason
compelling reasons
compete
compete based
compete certainty
compete certainty immediacy
competed
competed ld
competed parli
competed policy
competed years
competent
competes
competing
competing arguments
competing interpretation
competing interpretations
competing interpretations framework
competing interpretations reasonability
competing interpretations unless
competing interps
competing methodologies
competing models
competing policy
competition
competition advocacy
competition aff
competition debate
competition debates
competition good
competition important
competition questions
competition theory
competitive
competitive activity
competitive aff
competitive debate
competitive equity
competitive policy
competitive policy option
competitively
competitiveness
competitor
competitor judge
competitors
complain
complaints
complete
complete argument
complete arguments
complete sentences
completed
completely
complex
complexity
complicate
complicated
component
components
comprehend
comprehensible
comprehension
comprehensive
comprised
compromise
computer
computer email
computer email sent
computer screen
computers
concede
conceded
conceded argument
conceded arguments
concedes
conceding
conceived
concentrate
concentration
concept
concepts
conceptual
conceptualize
concern
concerned
concerning
concerns
concession
concessions
concise
concisely
conclude
concludes
conclusion
conclusions
concordia
concrete
condescending
condition
condition consult
condition cps
conditional
conditional advocacies
conditional advocacy
conditional arguments
conditional counterplans
conditional cp
conditional cps
conditional options
conditional planks
conditional positions
conditional worlds
conditionality
conditionality bad
conditionality debate
conditionality fine
conditionality generally
conditionality good
conditionality good x
conditionality probably
conditionality probably good
conditionality think
conditions
condo
condo bad
condo debate
condo good
condo probably
condo s
condo theory
conduct
confidence
confident
confirm
confirmation
conflict
conflicts
conform
confuse
confused
confusing
confusion
congress
congressional
conjunction
connect
connect dots
connected
connecting
connection
connections
conscious
consensus
consent
consequence
consequences
consequentialism
consequently
conservative
consider
consider argument
consider arguments
consider debate
consider good
consider voting
considerable
considerate
consideration
considerations
considered
considering
consist
consistency
consistent
consistently
consists
consists claim
constantly
constitute
constitutes
constrained
constraints
construct
constructed
constructing
construction
constructive
constructive rebuttal
constructive speech
constructive speeches
constructives
consult
consult condition
consult conditions
consult counterplans
consult cp
consult cp s
consult cps
consultation
contact
contain
contained
contains
contemporary
contend
content
content arguments
content style
contention
contentions
contest
contestable
contestation
contested
contesting
context
context aff
context debate
context evidence
context round
contexts
contextual
contextualization
contextualize
contextualize arguments
contextualized
contextualized aff
contextualizing
contingent
continually
continue
continued
continues
contradict
contradicting
contradiction
contradictions
contradictory
contradictory arguments
contradictory conditional
contradictory positions
contradicts
contrary
contrast
contribute
contrived
control
controlling
controls
controls direction
controls direction link
controversial
controversies
controversy
convention
conventional
conventions
conversation
conversational
conversational pace
conversations
conversely
convey
conviction
convince
convince aff
convince s
convince vote
convinced
convinced vote
convinces
convincing
convoluted
cool
cool just
cooperation
copy
copy paste
copy speech
cordial
core
core topic
cornell
cornell university
correct
correctly
cost
cost benefit
cost benefit analysis
cost speaker
cost speaker points
costs
couched
couldn
couldn t
count
count flashing
count prep
counter
counter advocacy
counter interp
counter interpretation
counter interpretations
counter interps
counter intuitive
counter model
counter plan
counter plans
counter standards
counterinterp
counterinterpretation
counterplan
counterplan alternative
counterplan competition
counterplan debate
counterplan debates
counterplan disad
counterplan doesn
counterplan doesn t
counterplan kritik
counterplan negative
counterplan nr
counterplan s
counterplan solves
counterplan text
counterplan texts
counterplan theory
counterplan unless
counterplans
counterplans bad
counterplans case
counterplans compete
counterplans conditionality
counterplans cool
counterplans counterplan
counterplans counterplans
counterplans cp
counterplans disads
counterplans don
counterplans don t
counterplans fine
counterplans generally
counterplans good
counterplans kritiks
counterplans like
counterplans love
counterplans m
counterplans need
counterplans probably
counterplans solvency
counterplans tend
counterplans textually
counterplans textually functionally
counterplans theory
counterplans think
countries
country
counts
county
couple
couple things
couple times
couple years
coupled
course
course action
course debate
courses
court
courteous
courtesy
courts
cover
coverage
covered
covers
covid
cowardice
cp aff
cp alt
cp bad
cp case
cp competes
cp competition
cp competitive
cp cp
cp da
cp da case
cp da debates
cp debate
cp debates
cp disad
cp does
cp doesn
cp doesn t
cp good
cp good x
cp k
cp like
cp links
cp m
cp make
cp make sure
cp neg
cp net
cp net benefit
cp nr
cp perm
cp plan
cp planks
cp politics
cp probably
cp s
cp solvency
cp solves
cp solves case
cp text
cp texts
cp theory
cp think
cp unless
cplan
cps
cps aff
cps agent
cps agent cps
cps bad
cps compete
cps compete certainty
cps cps
cps das
cps don
cps don t
cps fine
cps good
cps great
cps ks
cps lean
cps like
cps love
cps m
cps need
cps pics
cps probably
cps really
cps solvency
cps think
craft
crafted
cranky
crap
crappy
crashes
crazy
create
created
creates
creating
creative
creative arguments
creative ways
creatively
creativity
credence
credibility
credible
credit
criminal
cringe
criteria
criterion
critic
critic argument
critical aff
critical affirmative
critical affirmatives
critical affs
critical args
critical argument
critical arguments
critical debate
critical debates
critical literature
critical performance
critical performative
critical policy
critical race
critical race theory
critical strategies
critical teams
critical theory
critical thinking
critical thinking skills
critically
criticism
criticisms
criticize
criticizing
critics
critique
critique debate
critique debates
critiques
critiquing
cross
cross application
cross applications
cross apply
cross ex
cross ex binding
cross ex questions
cross examination
cross examinations
cross line
cross reading
cross x
cross x questions
cross x time
crossfire
crucial
crux
csu
csu fullerton
csuf
cues
cult
cultural
culture
cuny
cup
curious
current
current events
current topic
currently
currently assistant
currently assistant coach
currently coach
currently coaching
currently debate
currently director
currently graduate
currently law
currently work
currently working
currently year
curriculum
curse
cut
cut card
cut cards
cute
cuts
cutting
cutting cards
cx
cx binding
cx debate
cx don
cx don t
cx important
cx prep
cx prep time
cx questions
cx s
cx time
cxs
d
d appreciate
d better
d g
d hear
d like
d like think
d prefer
d probably
d say
da advantage
da aff
da case
da case debate
da cp
da cps
da da
da debate
da debates
da don
da don t
da impact
da impacts
da k
da link
da links
da m
da probably
da s
da s cp
da s love
da t
da think
da turns
da turns case
dabbled
daily
dallas
damage
damien
damn
damning
dance
dangerous
dartmouth
dartmouth college
das
das case
das cps
das don
das don t
das like
das love
das m
das think
data
date
david
day
day job
days
dc
dead
dead time
deaf
deal
dealing
deals
death
death good
debatability
debatable
debate ability
debate able
debate ac
debate accessible
debate activity
debate actually
debate aff
debate affirmative
debate affs
debate alternative
debate appreciate
debate ar
debate argument
debate arguments
debate ask
debate assume
debate awesome
debate b
debate background
debate bad
debate ballot
debate based
debate believe
debate best
debate better
debate big
debate camp
debate card
debate care
debate career
debate case
debate certain
debate certainly
debate clarity
debate clash
debate clear
debate clearly
debate close
debate coach
debate coaching
debate college
debate come
debate comes
debate comfortable
debate communication
debate communication activity
debate communicative
debate communicative activity
debate community
debate competing
debate competing interpretations
debate competition
debate competitive
debate competitive activity
debate conditionality
debate consider
debate counterplans
debate cp
debate critical
debate d
debate da
debate debate
debate debated
debate debater
debate debaters
debate debates
debate debating
debate decide
debate default
debate determine
debate did
debate different
debate differently
debate disad
debate disads
debate does
debate does mean
debate doesn
debate doesn t
debate don
debate don t
debate e
debate easier
debate education
debate educational
debate educational activity
debate end
debate ends
debate enjoy
debate enjoyable
debate especially
debate ethics
debate evaluate
debate event
debate events
debate evidence
debate example
debate expect
debate experience
debate experience policy
debate explain
debate fact
debate fair
debate fairly
debate fairness
debate familiar
debate far
debate favor
debate favorite
debate feel
debate feel free
debate final
debate finally
debate fine
debate flow
debate foremost
debate form
debate format
debate formats
debate framework
debate framing
debate fun
debate game
debate game fun
debate game game
debate general
debate generally
debate given
debate gmail
debate gmail com
debate goes
debate going
debate good
debate good debate
debate great
debate hand
debate hard
debate haven
debate haven t
debate having
debate help
debate high
debate high school
debate history
debate hold
debate impact
debate impact turn
debate impacts
debate important
debate impossible
debate include
debate including
debate inherently
debate interesting
debate internal
debate isn
debate isn t
debate issue
debate issues
debate jargon
debate judge
debate judged
debate judges
debate judging
debate just
debate just game
debate k
debate kansas
debate key
debate know
debate kritiks
debate ld
debate league
debate learning
debate lens
debate level
debate like
debate likely
debate line
debate line line
debate link
debate listen
debate little
debate ll
debate long
debate look
debate look like
debate looks
debate looks like
debate lost
debate lot
debate love
debate m
debate make
debate make sure
debate makes
debate making
debate matter
debate matters
debate maybe
debate means
debate mind
debate necessarily
debate need
debate needs
debate neg
debate negative
debate new
debate non
debate norms
debate note
debate notes
debate novice
debate nr
debate obviously
debate offense
debate open
debate ought
debate paperless
debate paradigm
debate particular
debate particularly
debate people
debate performance
debate perm
debate persuaded
debate persuasive
debate place
debate plan
debate point
debate policy
debate poorly
debate possible
debate practices
debate prefer
debate prep
debate prep time
debate pretty
debate primarily
debate probably
debate public
debate quality
debate question
debate questions
debate rarely
debate read
debate reading
debate real
debate really
debate reason
debate regardless
debate requires
debate research
debate resolution
debate role
debate round
debate rounds
debate rules
debate run
debate s
debate said
debate say
debate seriously
debate shouldn
debate shouldn t
debate sides
debate slow
debate slower
debate solvency
debate space
debate speaker
debate speaker points
debate specific
debate speech
debate starts
debate strategic
debate strong
debate stuff
debate style
debate styles
debate super
debate supposed
debate supposed fun
debate t
debate team
debate teams
debate tech
debate tell
debate tend
debate terms
debate theory
debate theory arguments
debate thing
debate things
debate think
debate think debate
debate think s
debate thoughts
debate time
debate topic
debate topicality
debate tournament
debate tournaments
debate traditional
debate training
debate true
debate try
debate ultimately
debate understand
debate unique
debate university
debate unless
debate update
debate use
debate using
debate usually
debate valuable
debate value
debate ve
debate vote
debate voted
debate voting
debate want
debate way
debate ways
debate willing
debate win
debate winning
debate won
debate won t
debate words
debate work
debate world
debate year
debate years
debate yes
debated coached
debated college
debated high
debated high school
debated liberty
debated missouri
debated missouri state
debated ndt
debated policy
debated policy years
debated round
debated university
debated years
debated years college
debated years high
debated years liberty
debated years university
debatedocs
debater coach
debater college
debater does
debater don
debater don t
debater george
debater george mason
debater high
debater high school
debater judge
debater liberty
debater liberty university
debater m
debater ran
debater read
debater s
debater think
debater university
debater years
debaters able
debaters argue
debaters arguments
debaters benefit
debaters best
debaters better
debaters clear
debaters clearly
debaters coaches
debaters debate
debaters debating
debaters decide
debaters doing
debaters don
debaters don t
debaters explain
debaters fail
debaters good
debaters judge
debaters judges
debaters just
debaters know
debaters make
debaters make arguments
debaters making
debaters need
debaters present
debaters read
debaters reading
debaters respect
debaters round
debaters run
debaters say
debaters slow
debaters tell
debaters tend
debaters think
debaters time
debaters try
debaters understand
debaters use
debaters usually
debaters want
debaters win
debaters work
debaters work hard
debates aff
debates affirmative
debates arguments
debates based
debates best
debates better
debates case
debates clash
debates clear
debates college
debates come
debates competing
debates critical
debates debate
debates debater
debates debaters
debates debates
debates default
debates devolve
debates does
debates don
debates don t
debates end
debates enjoy
debates especially
debates evidence
debates favorite
debates feel
debates fine
debates focus
debates framework
debates fun
debates general
debates generally
debates going
debates good
debates great
debates happen
debates high
debates high school
debates impact
debates important
debates interesting
debates involve
debates judge
debates judged
debates just
debates k
debates k affs
debates know
debates like
debates likely
debates little
debates ll
debates look
debates look like
debates lost
debates lot
debates love
debates m
debates make
debates means
debates messy
debates need
debates neg
debates negative
debates particularly
debates people
debates place
debates plan
debates policy
debates prefer
debates pretty
debates probably
debates read
debates reading
debates really
debates role
debates s
debates said
debates sides
debates specific
debates strong
debates sure
debates t
debates team
debates teams
debates tend
debates theory
debates things
debates think
debates time
debates topic
debates try
debates typically
debates unless
debates usually
debates ve
debates ve judged
debates vote
debates voted
debates want
debates watch
debates way
debates willing
debates won
debates won lost
debates year
debates years
debating aff
debating arguments
debating case
debating college
debating debate
debating framework
debating good
debating k
debating like
debating m
debating round
debating team
debating theory
debating topicality
debating years
decade
decent
decently
decide
decide debate
decide debates
decide round
decide wins
decide won
decided
decides
deciding
deciding debate
deciding debates
deciding round
decipher
decision
decision based
decision calculus
decision don
decision don t
decision m
decision make
decision making
decision making process
decision think
decision time
decision times
decisionmaking
decisions
decisions based
decisive
decisively
decline
decorum
decrease
dedev
dedicated
deduct
deduct speaker
deduct speaker points
deem
deep
deeper
deeply
def
default
default aff
default competing
default competing interpretations
default competing interps
default drop
default evaluating
default judge
default judge kick
default net
default net benefits
default offense
default offense defense
default policy
default position
default reasonability
default reject
default reject argument
default rejecting
default rejecting argument
default theory
default voting
defaulting
defaults
defeat
defeated
defend
defend aff
defend don
defend don t
defend hypothetical
defend implementation
defend model
defend plan
defend resolution
defend theory
defend topic
defend topical
defend topical plan
defend usfg
defended
defending
defends
defense
defense aff
defense arguments
defense case
defense debate
defense good
defense important
defense model
defense offense
defense paradigm
defense win
defenses
defensible
defensive
defensive argument
defensive arguments
defer
deficit
deficits
define
define words
defined
defines
defining
definitely
definitely persuaded
definitely vote
definition
definition better
definitions
definitive
degree
degrees
dehumanization
delay
delay consult
delay cps
delete
deleting
deleuze
deliberately
deliberation
delineate
deliver
delivered
delivering
delivery
demand
demands
demeanor
democracy
democratic
demonstrate
demonstrated
demonstrates
demonstrating
denied
dense
deny
department
departure
depend
dependent
depending
depends
deploy
deployed
deploying
deployment
depth
depth analysis
depth argument
depth breadth
depth case
depth debate
depth explanation
depth knowledge
derived
derogatory
derrida
described
describes
describing
description
descriptions
descriptive
deserve
deserves
design
designed
desirability
desirable
desire
desired
despise
despite
destroy
destroying
destroys
destruction
detailed
detailed explanation
details
deter
determination
determine
determine winner
determined
determines
determines direction
determines direction link
determining
deterrence
detriment
detrimental
devastating
develop
develop arguments
developed
developed argument
developed arguments
developing
development
developments
develops
deviate
devices
devoid
devolve
devote
dialogue
dictate
did
did bad
did best
did better
did better debating
did debate
did lot
did policy
did policy debate
did read
did really
did years
didn
didn t
didn t know
didn t make
didn t read
didn t understand
die
diego
differ
difference
differences
different
different arguments
different interpretations
different kinds
different styles
different styles debate
different things
different types
different way
different ways
differentiate
differently
differing
differs
difficult
difficult convince
difficult evaluate
difficult flow
difficult persuade
difficult time
difficult vote
difficult win
difficulties
difficulty
dig
digital
direct
direct clash
direct refutation
directed
direction
direction debate
direction link
direction resolution
direction topic
direction uniqueness
directions
directly
director
director debate
director debate university
director forensics
director speech
director speech debate
dirty
dis
disability
disad
disad aff
disad case
disad case debate
disad counterplan
disad cp
disad debate
disad debates
disad outweighs
disad think
disad turns
disad turns case
disads
disads case
disads counterplans
disads cps
disads good
disads impact
disads love
disads m
disads read
disadvantage
disadvantages
disagree
disagreement
disappear
disappointed
disclaimer
disclose
disclosing
disclosure
disclosure good
disclosure theory
disconnect
disconnected
discount
discourage
discourse
discover
discovered
discretion
discrimination
discriminatory
discursive
discuss
discussed
discussing
discussion
discussion topic
discussions
dishonesty
disinclined
dislike
dislikes
dismiss
dismissed
dismissive
disorganized
display
dispo
disposition
dispositional
dispositionality
dispositions
disprove
dispute
disregard
disrespect
disrespectful
disservice
dissuade
distinct
distinction
distinctions
distinguish
distributed
distribution
district
diverse
diversity
divide
division
division ground
divisions
doc
doc cards
doc chain
doc don
doc don t
dock
dock speaker
dock speaker points
dock speaks
docked
docking
docs
docs debate
document
documents
dod
does actually
does address
does aff
does allow
does alt
does apply
does argument
does best
does better
does better debating
does better job
does count
does debate
does does
does exist
does good
does happen
does help
does impact
does k
does link
does make
does matter
does mean
does mean aff
does mean don
does mean t
does mean vote
does meet
does necessarily
does necessarily mean
does need
does plan
does really
does resolve
does s
does say
does solve
does think
does work
does world
doesn t answer
doesn t apply
doesn t count
doesn t defend
doesn t exist
doesn t happen
doesn t help
doesn t like
doesn t link
doesn t make
doesn t matter
doesn t mean
doesn t meet
doesn t necessarily
doesn t need
doesn t really
doesn t say
doesn t solve
doesnt
dof
dogmatic
doing
doing aff
doing best
doing debate
doing doing
doing good
doing good job
doing lot
doing plan
doing policy
doing prefs
doing round
doing things
doing work
doing wrong
domestic
don t abuse
don t adapt
don t afraid
don t agree
don t answer
don t appreciate
don t ask
don t assume
don t automatically
don t believe
don t bother
don t cards
don t care
don t catch
don t change
don t cheat
don t clip
don t count
don t cut
don t debate
don t defend
don t don
don t drop
don t enjoy
don t evaluate
don t exist
don t expect
don t explain
don t feel
don t flow
don t forget
don t generally
don t hear
don t hesitate
don t hold
don t impact
don t jerk
don t judge
don t just
don t know
don t leave
don t let
don t like
don t link
don t look
don t lose
don t lot
don t love
don t make
don t matter
don t mean
don t meet
don t mind
don t necessarily
don t need
don t neglect
don t particularly
don t plan
don t pref
don t preference
don t prep
don t presume
don t problem
don t racist
don t read
don t really
don t rely
don t require
don t rude
don t run
don t say
don t seriously
don t solve
don t specific
don t spend
don t spread
don t start
don t steal
don t strong
don t super
don t surprised
don t talk
don t tell
don t tend
don t things
don t think
don t time
don t try
don t understand
don t use
don t usually
don t vote
don t want
don t waste
don t weigh
don t win
don t work
don t worry
dont
dont think
door
doors
dope
dot
dot com
dots
double
double bind
double turn
double turns
doubt
douglas
dozen
dr
dramatically
draw
draw line
drawing
drawn
drive
drive computer
drive leaves
drive leaves computer
driven
drives
drone
drop
drop argument
drop arguments
drop debater
drop speaks
drop team
dropbox
dropped
dropped argument
dropped argument true
dropped arguments
dropped arguments true
dropped s
dropped team
dropped theory
dropping
drops
drops argument
dubious
dumb
dump
durable
duty
dying
dynamics
e
e g
e mail
e mail chain
eager
ear
earlier
earlier debate
early
early debate
early s
earn
earn ballot
earn speaker
earn speaker points
earned
earning
ears
earth
ease
easier
easier flow
easier vote
easier win
easiest
easiest way
easiest way win
easily
easily persuaded
easily win
east
eastern
easy
easy ballot
easy understand
easy way
easy win
eat
econ
economic
economics
economy
ect
ed
edge
edit
edited
edu
educate
educated
education
education arguments
education debate
education fairness
education good
education impact
education impacts
education important
education think
education topic
educational
educational activity
educational benefits
educational competitive
educational debate
educational experience
educational space
educational value
educationally
educator
effect
effective
effective communication
effectively
effectiveness
effects
efficacy
efficiency
efficient
efficiently
effort
efforts
ego
egregious
eh
elaborate
elaboration
election
elections
electronic
element
elements
elim
eliminate
eliminates
elimination
elimination rounds
elims
eloquence
em
email address
email ask
email chain
email chain email
email chain like
email chains
email questions
email sent
email speech
emailing
emails
embedded
embedded clash
embrace
emerge
emissions
emory
emory university
emotional
emotionally
emotions
emphasis
emphasize
emphasized
emphasizing
empirical
empirically
employ
employed
emporia
emporia state
enable
enacted
enactment
encounter
encountered
encourage
encourage teams
encouraged
encourages
encouraging
end
end day
end debate
end debate don
end round
end speech
end voting
endeavor
ended
ending
endorse
endorsement
endorsing
ends
energy
enforce
enforcing
engage
engage aff
engage affirmative
engage arguments
engage case
engage debate
engage substance
engage team
engage topic
engaged
engagement
engages
engaging
engaging opponent
english
enjoy
enjoy arguments
enjoy case
enjoy critical
enjoy debate
enjoy debates
enjoy framework
enjoy good
enjoy good t
enjoy hearing
enjoy judging
enjoy k
enjoy listening
enjoy reading
enjoy seeing
enjoy theory
enjoy theory debates
enjoy watching
enjoyable
enjoyed
enjoying
enjoyment
enjoys
ensure
ensures
entail
entails
enter
enter debate
entered
entering
entertain
entertained
entertaining
entire
entire aff
entire debate
entire round
entirely
entirety
entirety aff
entirety debate
entitled
enunciate
enunciating
enunciation
environment
environmental
envision
epistemic
epistemological
epistemology
epistemology ontology
equal
equally
equitable
equity
equivalent
er
era
eric
err
err aff
err explaining
err neg
err neg theory
err negative
error
errors
esoteric
esp
especially
especially aff
especially arguments
especially don
especially don t
especially final
especially good
especially high
especially important
especially k
especially link
especially ones
especially rebuttals
especially s
especially theory
especially topic
especially true
esque
esr
essence
essential
essentially
establish
established
establishes
establishing
ethical
ethically
ethics
ethics challenge
ethics challenges
ethics violation
ethics violations
ethos
ethos pathos
etiquette
ev
ev quality
evaluate aff
evaluate argument
evaluate arguments
evaluate based
evaluate competing
evaluate debate
evaluate debate based
evaluate debates
evaluate evidence
evaluate fairly
evaluate flow
evaluate framework
evaluate impacts
evaluate k
evaluate offense
evaluate plan
evaluate round
evaluate round based
evaluate rounds
evaluate t
evaluate theory
evaluate things
evaluate topicality
evaluate vote
evaluated
evaluates
evaluating
evaluating arguments
evaluating debate
evaluating debates
evaluating round
evaluating t
evaluating theory
evaluation
evaluations
evaluative
event
events
eventually
everybody
everyday
evidence actually
evidence analysis
evidence argument
evidence arguments
evidence bad
evidence based
evidence best
evidence better
evidence card
evidence cards
evidence clipping
evidence comparison
evidence comparisons
evidence contested
evidence debate
evidence debated
evidence debates
evidence did
evidence does
evidence doesn
evidence doesn t
evidence don
evidence don t
evidence end
evidence end debate
evidence especially
evidence ethics
evidence evidence
evidence good
evidence highlighted
evidence impact
evidence important
evidence isn
evidence isn t
evidence just
evidence like
evidence likely
evidence ll
evidence m
evidence make
evidence matters
evidence means
evidence need
evidence neg
evidence opponents
evidence prefer
evidence presented
evidence probably
evidence qualifications
evidence quality
evidence quality important
evidence quality matters
evidence question
evidence read
evidence read debate
evidence reading
evidence really
evidence round
evidence s
evidence says
evidence sharing
evidence smart
evidence specific
evidence speech
evidence support
evidence supports
evidence t
evidence team
evidence teams
evidence tend
evidence think
evidence try
evidence unless
evidence use
evidence used
evidence want
evidence warrants
evidence won
evidenced
evident
evidentiary
evidentiary support
evil
evolution
evolve
evolved
evolving
ex
ex binding
ex questions
exact
exactly
examination
examinations
examine
example
example neg
example resolution
examples
exceed
excel
excellent
exception
exception conditionality
exceptional
exceptionally
exceptions
excessive
excessively
exchange
excited
exciting
exclude
excluded
excludes
excluding
exclusion
exclusionary
exclusionary language
exclusive
exclusively
exclusively policy
exclusivity
excuse
execute
executed
executing
execution
executive
exercise
exhaustive
exist
exist debate
existed
existence
existential
existing
exists
expand
expanded
expanding
expect
expect debaters
expect know
expect read
expect vote
expect win
expectation
expectations
expected
expecting
expense
experience
experience coaching
experience college
experience debate
experience debated
experience debating
experience judging
experience policy
experience policy debate
experience years
experience years high
experienced
experiences
experiment
expert
expertise
experts
explain aff
explain alt
explain alternative
explain argument
explain arguments
explain case
explain clear
explain clearly
explain cp
explain debate
explain don
explain don t
explain evaluate
explain evidence
explain exactly
explain explain
explain framework
explain impact
explain impacts
explain internal
explain k
explain like
explain link
explain link story
explain links
explain matters
explain means
explain perm
explain position
explain s
explain solvency
explain specific
explain team
explain theory
explain things
explain think
explain topic
explain vote
explain warrants
explain win
explain world
explained
explained arguments
explained impacted
explaining
explaining aff
explaining alt
explaining argument
explaining arguments
explaining impacts
explaining link
explaining things
explains
explanation
explanation aff
explanation alt
explanation alternative
explanation argument
explanation arguments
explanation evidence
explanation impact
explanation key
explanation m
explanation s
explanation theory
explanations
explanatory
explicit
explicitly
explicitly told
exploit
explore
exposed
exposure
express
expressed
expression
expressions
expressive
expressive judge
extemp
extend
extend argument
extend arguments
extend case
extend evidence
extend impact
extend warrants
extended
extended ar
extending
extending arguments
extending case
extends
extension
extensions
extensive
extensively
extent
extent possible
external
external impact
external impacts
external offense
extinction
extinction good
extinction impacts
extinction nuclear
extinction nuclear war
extinction outweighs
extinction scenarios
extra
extra speaker
extra speaker points
extra t
extra time
extra work
extrapolate
extrapolations
extreme
extremely
extremely difficult
extremely hard
extremely important
extremely persuasive
eye
eye contact
eyes
f
f w
fabricating
fabricating evidence
face
facebook
faced
faces
facial
facial expressions
facilitate
facing
fact
factor
factors
facts
factual
fail
fail explain
failed
failing
fails
failure
fair
fair debate
fair game
fair judge
fair share
fair warning
fairly
fairly evaluate
fairly high
fairness
fairness arguments
fairness claims
fairness clash
fairness debate
fairness education
fairness ground
fairness impact
fairness impacts
fairness important
fairness internal
fairness internal link
fairness limits
fairness persuasive
fairness probably
faith
fake
fall
fallacies
falls
false
familiar
familiar arguments
familiar critical
familiar critical literature
familiar debate
familiar k
familiar lit
familiar literature
familiar literature base
familiar lot
familiar policy
familiar topic
familiarity
family
fan
fan k
fan politics
fan theory
fancy
fantastic
far
far better
far important
far persuasive
farther
fascinating
fashion
fashioned
fast
fast debate
fast debates
fast possible
fast slow
fast technical
fast unclear
fast want
faster
fastest
fault
favor
favor aff
favorable
favorably
favorite
favorite argument
favorite arguments
favorite debate
favorite debates
favorite thing
favors
fear
feature
feb
fed
federal
federal government
feedback
feel bad
feel best
feel comfortable
feel debate
feel free
feel free ask
feel free contact
feel free email
feel free make
feel free reach
feel free read
feel free run
feel like
feel need
feel strongly
feel uncomfortable
feeling
feelings
feels
feels like
fellow
felt
felt like
fem
feminism
feminist
fewer
fewer arguments
fewer cards
fiat
fiat bad
fiat good
fiat illusory
fiat plan
fiat solves
fiat solves link
fiat think
fiated
fiating
field
fields
fifth
fight
fighting
figure
figuring
file
files
filled
filling
filter
filtering
filters
final
final focus
final note
final rebuttal
final rebuttals
final round
final speech
final speeches
final thoughts
final year
finalist
finally
finals
financial
finding
finds
fine
fine clear
fine don
fine don t
fine good
fine just
fine k
fine line
fine long
fine m
fine make
fine need
fine s
fine speed
fine spreading
fine theory
fine think
fine voting
fine want
finish
finished
firm
firm believer
firmly
firmly believe
fit
fits
fix
fixed
flag
flagged
flagging
flash
flash drive
flash drive computer
flash drive leaves
flash drives
flashing
flashing emailing
flashing evidence
flashing prep
flat
flavor
flaw
flawed
flaws
flesh
fleshed
flex
flex prep
flexibility
flexible
flip
flipping
flips
flips aff
floating
floating pic
floating pics
floating pik
floating piks
floor
florida
florida state
flow argument
flow arguments
flow centric
flow centric judge
flow computer
flow cross
flow cross ex
flow cross x
flow cx
flow debate
flow don
flow don t
flow end
flow evaluate
flow evidence
flow flow
flow judge
flow just
flow laptop
flow like
flow listen
flow ll
flow m
flow make
flow make sure
flow means
flow oriented
flow paper
flow read
flow round
flow s
flow say
flow speech
flow speeches
flow speed
flow straight
flow t
flow tend
flow things
flow think
flow try
flow understand
flow unless
flow vote
flow want
flow win
flow won
flow won t
flowable
flowed
flower
flowing
flowing paper
flowing skills
flowing speech
flows
fly
focus
focus debate
focus impact
focused
focuses
focusing
folks
follow
follow arguments
follow rules
follow speech
follow speech doc
follow speech docs
follow tournament
followed
following
following speech
follows
fond
font
food
force
forced
forces
forcing
forefront
foreign
foreign policy
foremost
forensics
forest
forest university
forever
forfeit
forget
forget extend
forgetting
forgot
forgotten
form
form content
form debate
formal
format
formation
formats
formed
forms
forms argumentation
forms debate
formula
forth
forum
forum debate
forward
forwarded
forwarding
foster
foucault
foundation
foundational
foundations
fourth
frame
frame arguments
frame ballot
frame debate
frame decision
frame round
framed
frames
framework aff
framework affirmative
framework args
framework argument
framework arguments
framework bad
framework best
framework better
framework clash
framework competing
framework debate
framework debates
framework default
framework does
framework don
framework don t
framework end
framework evaluate
framework fairness
framework framework
framework good
framework impact
framework impacts
framework important
framework interpretation
framework judge
framework just
framework k
framework like
framework ll
framework lot
framework m
framework make
framework means
framework need
framework neg
framework negative
framework non
framework performance
framework persuasive
framework prefer
framework probably
framework procedural
framework really
framework role
framework role ballot
framework round
framework s
framework t
framework teams
framework theory
framework think
framework time
framework topicality
framework vote
framework vs
framework vs k
framework way
framework win
framework yes
frameworks
framing
framing aff
framing argument
framing arguments
framing debate
framing impact
framing important
framing issue
framing issues
framing question
framing questions
framing round
francisco
francisco state
frankly
freak
free
free ask
free ask questions
free ask round
free contact
free email
free email questions
free make
free reach
free read
free run
free time
freedom
french
frequently
fresh
freshman
fresno
fresno state
friend
friendly
friends
frivolous
frivolous theory
frustrate
frustrated
frustrating
frustration
fullerton
fully
fully developed
fully understand
fun
fun activity
fun debate
fun debates
fun debating
fun don
fun don t
fun educational
fun enjoy
fun good
fun learn
fun make
fun nice
fun respectful
fun round
fun s
fun think
function
function debate
functional
functional competition
functionality
functionally
functionally competitive
functionally textually
functionally textually competitive
functioning
functions
fundamental
fundamentally
fundamentals
funding
funky
funny
furthermore
future
fw
fw debate
fw debates
fw k
fw t
fw think
fw v
fwk
fyi
g
ga
gabe
gain
gained
game
game debate
game educational
game fun
game game
game play
game rules
game s
game theory
games
gap
gaps
garbage
garner
gateway
gave
gender
gender sexuality
gender studies
gendered
gendered language
general
general approach
general debate
general don
general don t
general information
general m
general notes
general philosophy
general preferences
general rule
general rule thumb
general stuff
general things
general think
general thoughts
generally
generally believe
generally better
generally default
generally don
generally don t
generally feel
generally fine
generally good
generally just
generally lean
generally like
generally means
generally open
generally persuaded
generally persuasive
generally prefer
generally speaking
generally think
generally think aff
generally think conditionality
generally try
generally vote
generate
generate offense
generated
generates
generating
generic
generic blocks
generic k
generic link
generic links
generic ones
generic state
generic theory
generics
generous
genocidal
genocide
genre
genres
genuine
genuinely
george
george mason
george mason university
georgetown
georgetown university
georgia
georgia state
german
germane
germane topic
gestures
gets
gets new
gets weigh
getting
getting ballot
giant
given
given debate
given round
given time
given weight
gives
gives best
giving
giving speech
glad
gladly
glenbrook
glenbrook south
global
global warming
gmail com add
gmail com background
gmail com coach
gmail com debate
gmail com debated
gmail com email
gmail com experience
gmail com flow
gmail com general
gmail com include
gmail com level
gmail com pronouns
gmail com tl
gmail com yes
gmail dot
gmail dot com
gmu
goal
goal judge
goals
god
goes
goes aff
goes away
goes long
goes long way
goes neg
going ar
going argument
going arguments
going case
going condo
going cp
going da
going debate
going don
going don t
going fast
going flow
going framework
going hard
going impact
going k
going lose
going m
going make
going need
going nr
going perm
going read
going round
going run
going speed
going t
going theory
going think
going topicality
going try
going use
going vote
going win
going work
gold
golden
gone
gonna
gonzaga
gonzaga university
good aff
good affs
good analytics
good answers
good argument
good argumentation
good arguments
good bad
good bad debate
good better
good card
good cards
good case
good case debate
good case debating
good chance
good clash
good counter
good counterplan
good cp
good critical
good cross
good cx
good da
good deal
good debate
good debaters
good debates
good debating
good defense
good disad
good don
good don t
good education
good especially
good evidence
good evidence comparison
good explanation
good faith
good flow
good flowing
good framework
good good
good grasp
good idea
good impact
good impact analysis
good impact calculus
good internal
good internal link
good job
good job explaining
good judge
good just
good k
good k debate
good kritik
good ks
good like
good line
good line line
good link
good links
good ll
good luck
good luck fun
good m
good necessary
good need
good neg
good negative
good ones
good performance
good person
good place
good points
good policy
good politics
good position
good practice
good probably
good questions
good really
good reason
good reasons
good research
good s
good shape
good solvency
good speaker
good speaker points
good speaks
good specific
good spot
good story
good strategic
good strategy
good t
good t debate
good t debates
good teams
good theory
good theory debate
good thing
good things
good think
good time
good topic
good topicality
good uniqueness
good vote
good warranted
good warrants
good way
good win
good x
good x conditionality
good x states
google
googlegroups
googlegroups com
got
gotta
gotten
gov
government
government action
government policy
governmental
grab
grace
grad
grad school
grad student
grade
graduate
graduate assistant
graduate school
graduate student
graduated
graduating
grain
grain salt
grammar
grammatical
grand
grant
granted
grasp
great
great deal
great debate
great debaters
great evidence
great job
great judge
great way
greater
greatest
greatly
green
grew
gross
ground
ground aff
ground arguments
ground debate
ground does
ground education
ground limits
ground loss
ground lost
ground think
grounded
grounding
grounds
group
group people
grouping
groups
grow
growing
grown
growth
grumpy
gsu
guarantee
guaranteed
guattari
guess
guess m
guess s
guidance
guide
guidelines
guiding
guilty
gun
gut
gut check
guy
guys
h
habit
habits
hack
hair
half
hall
hand
handed
handful
handle
handle speed
hands
handwriting
hang
happen
happened
happened debate
happened outside
happened outside debate
happened round
happening
happening debate
happening round
happens
happens debate
happens round
happier
happily
happy
happy answer
happy answer questions
happy judge
happy vote
hard
hard convince
hard debate
hard evaluate
hard flow
hard judge
hard make
hard pressed
hard sell
hard time
hard time voting
hard understand
hard vote
hard win
hard work
harder
harder sell
harder time
harder win
hardest
hardly
harker
harm
harmful
harms
harvard
hash
hasn
hasn t
hat
hate
hate judging
hated
hateful
haven
haven t
haven t heard
haven t judged
haven t read
haven t seen
haven t thought
haven t voted
having
having bad
having debate
having debated
having evidence
having fun
having good
having plan
having read
having said
head
head coach
headphones
heads
health
health care
healthcare
healthy
hear
hear arguments
hear debate
hear good
hear say
hear understand
heard
hearing
hearing arguments
heart
heated
heavily
heavy
heg
heg bad
heg good
hegemony
heidegger
held
held accountable
hell
hella
hello
help
help lot
help make
help speaker
help speaker points
help understand
help win
helped
helpful
helping
helps
hesitant
hesitant vote
hesitate
hesitate ask
hesitation
hey
hi
hi m
hiatus
hidden
hide
hiding
high bar
high level
high magnitude
high points
high quality
high quality evidence
high school
high school college
high school debate
high school debated
high school debaters
high school debates
high school ld
high school level
high school policy
high school rounds
high school topic
high school tournaments
high school university
high school years
high schoolers
high schools
high speaker
high speaker points
high speaks
high speed
high standard
high theory
high theory k
high threshold
high threshold t
high threshold theory
high threshold voting
higher
higher level
higher points
higher speaker
higher speaker points
higher speaks
higher standard
higher threshold
highest
highlight
highlighted
highlighted cards
highlighted evidence
highlighting
highlighting evidence
highlights
highly
highly recommend
highly technical
highly unlikely
highschool
hill
hinge
hinges
hint
hip
historical
historical examples
historically
history
history debated
hit
hold
hold high
holding
holds
hole
holes
holistic
holistically
holocaust
holy
home
hominem
hominem attacks
homophobia
homophobic
homophobic transphobic
honest
honestly
honestly just
honesty
honor
hope
hopefully
hopes
hoping
horrible
horribly
host
hostile
hostility
hot
hour
hours
house
houston
hs
hs college
hs policy
hs topic
http
http www
https
https www
https www youtube
huge
huge fan
human
humanity
humans
humor
hundreds
hurry
hurt
hurt speaker
hurt speaker points
hurt speaks
hurts
hyper
hyperbolic
hypothetical
hypothetical enactment
hypothetical implementation
id
idea
idea talking
ideal
ideal debate
ideally
ideas
identifiable
identified
identifies
identify
identifying
identities
identity
identity arguments
identity based
identity politics
ideological
ideologically
ideologies
ideology
idk
iffy
ignorance
ignorant
ignore
ignored
ignores
ignoring
ii
iii
ill
ill vote
illegit
illegitimate
illinois
illogical
illusory
illustrate
im
image
imagine
imho
immediacy
immediacy certainty
immediate
immediately
immensely
immigration
immigration topic
imo
impact aff
impact alt
impact alternative
impact analysis
impact argument
impact arguments
impact assessment
impact calc
impact calc important
impact calculus
impact calculus important
impact claim
impact claims
impact comparison
impact comparisons
impact d
impact da
impact debate
impact debates
impact decision
impact defense
impact does
impact don
impact don t
impact education
impact evidence
impact explain
impact framework
impact framing
impact framing arguments
impact going
impact impact
impact important
impact internal
impact internal link
impact just
impact k
impact level
impact like
impact likely
impact link
impact m
impact make
impact matters
impact outweighs
impact round
impact s
impact scenario
impact scenarios
impact solvency
impact story
impact t
impact theory
impact think
impact turn
impact turn debate
impact turn debates
impact turn framework
impact turned
impact turning
impact turning framework
impact turns
impact turns case
impact turns fairness
impact turns framework
impact turns k
impact turns t
impact uniqueness
impact vote
impact weighing
impact win
impact work
impacted
impactful
impacting
impacts aff
impacts case
impacts clear
impacts debate
impacts don
impacts don t
impacts e
impacts explain
impacts fairness
impacts framework
impacts generally
impacts going
impacts good
impacts impact
impacts impacts
impacts important
impacts interact
impacts just
impacts k
impacts like
impacts links
impacts magnitude
impacts make
impacts matter
impacts need
impacts neg
impacts outweigh
impacts plan
impacts round
impacts s
impacts solvency
impacts standards
impacts t
impacts tell
impacts think
impacts vote
impacts vs
impacts weigh
impartial
imperative
imperialism
implementation
implementation plan
implemented
implementing
implicate
implicates
implication
implications
implications arguments
implicit
implicitly
implied
implies
imply
importance
important activity
important aff
important affirmative
important argument
important arguments
important aspect
important debate
important debaters
important debates
important debating
important decision
important don
important don t
important especially
important evaluate
important evidence
important explain
important flow
important framework
important impact
important issues
important just
important k
important know
important like
important ll
important m
important make
important neg
important note
important parts
important people
important question
important questions
important read
important remember
important round
important s
important sides
important t
important teams
important tell
important theory
important thing
important things
important think
important understand
important vote
important want
important win
importantly
impose
impossible
impossible win
impress
impressed
impressed debaters
impression
impressive
improve
improved
improvement
improves
improving
inability
inaccessible
inappropriate
incentive
incentives
incentivize
inclination
inclinations
inclined
inclined believe
inclined vote
include
include email
include email chain
include email chains
include plan
included
included email
included email chains
includes
includes aff
including
inclusion
inclusive
inclusive counterplans
incoherent
incomplete
incomplete arguments
incomprehensible
inconsistencies
inconsistent
incorporate
incorrect
incorrectly
increase
increase chances
increase speaker
increase speaker points
increased
increases
increasing
increasingly
increasingly frustrated
incredible
incredibly
incredibly important
independent
independent voter
independent voting
independently
index
indiana
indiana university
indicate
indicates
indication
indict
indicting
indictment
indicts
individual
individual events
individually
individuals
ineffective
inefficient
inevitability
inevitable
inevitably
infinite
infinite condo
infinitely
inflation
inflection
influence
influence decision
influenced
influences
info
inform
information
informative
informed
informs
ing
inherency
inherent
inherently
initial
initially
initiate
inject
injustice
ink
ink flow
innovate
innovation
innovative
inroads
ins
ins outs
insane
insert
insert rehighlighting
inserted
inserting
inside
insight
insist
insofar
inspired
instance
instances
instead
instead just
instead making
instead trying
institute
institutional
institutions
instruct
instructed
instruction
instructions
instructor
instrumental
insufficient
insult
insulting
integrity
intellectual
intellectually
intelligence
intelligent
intelligently
intend
intended
intense
intent
intentional
intentionally
interact
interact aff
interact team
interacting
interaction
interactions
interacts
interacts aff
interested
interested hearing
interesting
interests
interject
internal
internal link
internal link chain
internal link chains
internal link defense
internal link education
internal link impact
internal link level
internal link stories
internal link story
internal link turns
internal links
internal links impacts
internal net
internal net benefits
internals
international
international actor
international fiat
international relations
internet
interp
interp aff
interp better
interpersonal
interpret
interpretation
interpretation aff
interpretation bad
interpretation best
interpretation better
interpretation debate
interpretation impact
interpretation resolution
interpretation think
interpretation topic
interpretation topicality
interpretation violation
interpretations
interpretations debate
interpretations framework
interpretations reasonability
interpretations theory
interpretations topic
interpretations topicality
interpretations unless
interpreted
interpreting
interpretive
interps
interrupt
interrupting
intersection
intervene
intervene little
intervene little possible
intervening
intervention
intervention inevitable
intervention possible
interventionist
intricacies
intricate
intrinsic
intrinsic good
intrinsic perm
intrinsically
intrinsicness
introduce
introduced
introducing
introduction
intuition
intuitive
intuitively
inverse
invest
invest time
invested
investing
investment
invitation
invite
involve
involved
involved activity
involved debate
involved policy
involvement
involves
involving
iowa
ipda
ir
irrelevant
irritated
ish
ism
isn
isn t
isn t argument
isn t going
isn t good
isn t impact
isn t just
isn t real
isn t really
isn t say
isn t topical
isnt
isolate
isolated
isolating
issue
issue debate
issue don
issue don t
issue reverse
issue reverse voting
issue round
issue s
issues
issues debate
issues don
issues don t
issues framework
issues important
issues like
issues round
issues topicality
items
iterative
iterative testing
iv
ive
j
jack
jackson
jacob
jam
james
james madison
james madison university
january
jargon
jason
jeff
jerk
jerks
jk
jmu
job
job debater
job debating
job explain
job explaining
job judge
job tell
joe
john
johnson
join
joke
jokes
joshua
journey
joy
juan
judge adaptation
judge arguments
judge based
judge best
judge choice
judge clash
judge coach
judge college
judge debate
judge debate based
judge debates
judge direction
judge does
judge don
judge don t
judge evaluate
judge fairly
judge feel
judge flow
judge framework
judge good
judge instruction
judge intervention
judge judge
judge just
judge k
judge kick
judge kick cp
judge kick unless
judge kicking
judge ld
judge like
judge lot
judge m
judge make
judge need
judge paradigm
judge philosophies
judge philosophy
judge policy
judge prefer
judge read
judge round
judge rounds
judge s
judge said
judge t
judge tend
judge theory
judge think
judge topicality
judge try
judge ve
judge vote
judge want
judge way
judged
judged coached
judged college
judged debate
judged debates
judged high
judged high school
judged ld
judged lot
judged past
judged policy
judged policy debate
judged round
judged rounds
judged rounds topic
judged topic
judged tournaments
judged year
judged years
judgement
judges
judges coaches
judges don
judges don t
judges like
judges say
judges think
judging arguments
judging coaching
judging college
judging college debate
judging debate
judging debates
judging experience
judging framework
judging high
judging high school
judging ld
judging lot
judging m
judging novice
judging online
judging paradigm
judging philosophy
judging policy
judging pool
judging record
judging round
judging rounds
judging style
judging years
judgment
judicial
jump
jump drive
jump drive computer
jumped
jumping
junior
junior senior
junior year
jurisdiction
just argument
just ask
just ask round
just assume
just bad
just best
just better
just case
just clear
just debate
just defend
just defense
just doesn
just doesn t
just doing
just don
just don t
just explain
just extend
just fine
just flow
just framework
just fun
just game
just generic
just going
just good
just ignore
just impact
just important
just internal
just internal link
just k
just kind
just know
just let
just like
just like argument
just link
just m
just make
just make sure
just makes
just making
just mean
just means
just mind
just need
just prefer
just prepared
just read
just read blocks
just read cards
just reading
just reading blocks
just reason
just reasons
just reject
just remember
just run
just s
just say
just saying
just stop
just sure
just t
just team
just tell
just test
just test competition
just think
just throw
just try
just trying
just use
just vote
just want
just win
just won
just won t
justice
justifiable
justification
justifications
justified
justifies
justify
justify aff
justifying
jv
jv novice
jv open
k actually
k aff
k aff s
k affs
k affs don
k affs m
k affs think
k affs vote
k alt
k alternative
k alts
k arguments
k authors
k best
k better
k case
k cp
k da
k debate
k debater
k debaters
k debates
k debates think
k debating
k does
k doesn
k doesn t
k don
k don t
k especially
k explain
k flow
k framework
k good
k hack
k impact
k impacts
k judge
k just
k k
k know
k like
k link
k links
k lit
k literature
k love
k m
k make
k make sure
k need
k neg
k outweighs
k performance
k policy
k probably
k read
k reading
k round
k rounds
k run
k s
k s don
k s k
k s m
k s need
k s neg
k s think
k specific
k stuff
k t
k team
k teams
k theory
k think
k tricks
k turns
k v
k v k
k v policy
k ve
k vote
k vs
k vs k
k vs policy
k win
kansas
kansas state
kansas state university
kant
kckcc
keen
keeping
keeps
kentucky
kept
kevin
key
key arguments
key issues
key points
key questions
kick
kick alt
kick counterplan
kick cp
kick nr
kick unless
kicked
kicking
kicking cp
kicks
kids
kill
killer
killing
kills
kind
kind argument
kind arguments
kind debate
kind judge
kinda
kindness
kinds
kinds arguments
kinds debate
kinds debates
knew
know acronyms
know aff
know aff does
know argument
know arguments
know cards
know debate
know difference
know don
know don t
know evaluate
know evidence
know exactly
know feel
know flow
know going
know judge
know k
know know
know like
know literature
know little
know ll
know lot
know m
know make
know mean
know means
know need
know people
know read
know reading
know round
know s
know s going
know specific
know t
know talking
know things
know think
know topic
know understand
know ve
know vote
know want
knowing
knowledge
knowledge k
knowledge literature
knowledge production
knowledge topic
knowledgeable
known
knows
kritical
kritical arguments
kritik
kritik arguments
kritik debate
kritik debates
kritikal
kritikal affirmatives
kritikal affs
kritikal arguments
kritikal debate
kritiks
kritiks don
kritiks don t
kritiks enjoy
kritiks k
kritiks like
kritiks love
kritiks m
kritiks probably
kritiks read
kritiks theory
kritiks think
kritiques
ks
ks aff
ks don
ks don t
ks k
ks like
ks love
ks m
ks neg
ks policy
ks specific
ks think
ku
kvk
l
la
lab
label
labeled
labeling
labels
labor
lacan
lack
lack clarity
lack experience
lack explanation
lack thereof
lacking
lacks
lamdl
lame
land
language
language arguments
language used
laptop
large
largely
larger
largest
larp
las
las vegas
lastly
late
late breaking
lately
later
later debate
later speeches
latest
latin
laugh
laundry
laundry list
law
law school
law student
laws
lawyer
lay
layer
layers
laziness
lazy
lbl
ld
ld debate
ld debaters
ld debates
ld don
ld don t
ld high
ld high school
ld judge
ld m
ld paradigm
ld parli
ld pf
ld policy
ld rounds
ld s
ld specific
ld theory
ld ve
ld years
lead
leading
leads
league
lean
lean aff
lean affirmative
lean competing
lean competing interpretations
lean neg
lean neg theory
lean negative
lean policy
lean slightly
lean tech
leaned
leaning
leanings
leans
learn
learn debate
learned
learning
learning new
leave
leave debate
leave room
leaves
leaves computer
leaving
lee
leeway
left
left affs
left devices
legal
legal personhood
legalization
legislation
legit
legitimacy
legitimate
lend
length
lengthy
lenient
lens
lesser
let
let aff
let debaters
let know
let negative
let s
lets
letting
level
level debate
level debates
level don
level don t
level stuff
level things
levels
levels debate
leverage
leveraged
leveraging
lexington
liberal
liberation
liberty
liberty university
liberty university years
lie
lies
life
life s
light
lightly
like able
like aff
like affs
like argument
like arguments
like baudrillard
like best
like cards
like case
like cheap
like clash
like clear
like conditionality
like condo
like consult
like counterplan
like counterplans
like cp
like cps
like creative
like critical
like da
like das
like debate
like debaters
like debates
like debating
like disad
like disads
like dislike
like doesn
like doesn t
like doing
like don
like don t
like e
like email
like email chain
like evaluate
like evidence
like fairness
like fast
like flow
like framework
like going
like good
like having
like hear
like impact
like included
like interpretation
like judge
like judges
like judging
like just
like k
like k s
like know
like kritiks
like ks
like like
like link
like links
like ll
like lot
like m
like make
like need
like neg
like negative
like people
like perm
like pics
like plan
like policy
like policy debate
like politics
like racism
like racism good
like read
like read cards
like reading
like really
like reward
like round
like run
like s
like said
like say
like smart
like specific
like speech
like strategic
like t
like t debates
like team
like teams
like theory
like theory debates
like think
like time
like topicality
like understand
like use
like ve
like vote
like voting
like want
like watching
like world
liked
likelihood
likely
likely ballot
likely buy
likely familiar
likely going
likely good
likely higher
likely judge
likely ll
likely lose
likely persuaded
likely result
likely reward
likely think
likely understand
likely vote
likely vote aff
likely vote neg
likely vote theory
likely win
likely win ballot
likely win debate
likely won
likely won t
likes
likewise
limit
limit topic
limitations
limited
limited time
limiting
limits
limits arguments
limits da
limits debate
limits good
limits ground
limits important
limits x
limits x aff
lincoln
lincoln douglas
line
line argumentation
line arguments
line debate
line debating
line good
line impact
line important
line line
line line debate
line line debating
line line important
line line refutation
line refutation
linear
linear disad
lines
lingo
link ac
link aff
link affirmative
link alt
link alternative
link analysis
link args
link argument
link arguments
link better
link cards
link case
link chain
link chains
link controls
link da
link debate
link debates
link debating
link defense
link determines
link determines direction
link disad
link don
link don t
link education
link evidence
link explanation
link impact
link impact alt
link impact alternative
link impacts
link important
link internal
link internal link
link k
link level
link link
link make
link matters
link net
link omission
link plan
link politics
link resolution
link s
link scenarios
link solvency
link specific
link stories
link story
link think
link turn
link turns
link turns case
link uniqueness
link unless
link usually
link work
linked
linking
links ac
links aff
links affirmative
links alternative
links better
links case
links da
links disads
links don
links don t
links good
links impact
links impacts
links important
links internal
links internal links
links k
links links
links need
links net
links net benefit
links omission
links plan
links solvency
links specific
links specific aff
links topic
list
list things
listed
listen
listen argument
listen arguments
listen evaluate
listen evaluate arguments
listen flow
listen just
listen say
listen theory
listen vote
listened
listening
listening debates
listing
lists
lit
lit base
lit bases
literal
literally
literature
literature base
literature bases
literature don
literature don t
literature just
literature m
literature s
literature topic
little
little bit
little experience
little explanation
little possible
little time
little topic
live
lived
lives
living
ll able
ll ask
ll assume
ll best
ll best evaluate
ll better
ll consider
ll default
ll enjoy
ll evaluate
ll fine
ll flow
ll follow
ll good
ll hard
ll honest
ll judge
ll just
ll know
ll leave
ll let
ll let know
ll like
ll likely
ll listen
ll look
ll lose
ll make
ll need
ll probably
ll probably lose
ll read
ll reward
ll say
ll say clear
ll start
ll stop
ll tell
ll try
ll try best
ll use
ll vote
ll vote aff
ll vote just
ll vote s
ll win
ll work
ll yell
ll yell clear
local
location
lock
logic
logical
logical arguments
logical option
logically
logistics
logos
lol
long argument
long beach
long clear
long clearly
long defend
long don
long don t
long explain
long explained
long good
long justify
long make
long overviews
long reason
long run
long s
long term
long time
long version
long way
longer
longer version
look
look confused
look debate
look evidence
look flow
look forward
look good
look like
look speech
looked
looking
looking flow
looks
looks like
loose
lor
los
los angeles
lose
lose ballot
lose debate
lose debates
lose don
lose don t
lose framework
lose points
lose round
lose sight
lose speaker
lose speaker points
loser
loses
losing
losing team
loss
loss zero
losses
lost
lost art
lost debate
lost ground
lot aff
lot arguments
lot better
lot cards
lot clash
lot critical
lot debate
lot debaters
lot debates
lot different
lot don
lot don t
lot easier
lot evidence
lot experience
lot framework
lot good
lot high
lot judges
lot k
lot leeway
lot people
lot sense
lot teams
lot theory
lot things
lot think
lot time
lot times
lot weight
lot work
lots
loud
loud clear
louder
loudly
louis
louisville
love
love activity
love case
love creative
love debate
love debaters
love em
love god
love good
love good case
love good t
love hear
love hearing
love impact
love judging
love k
love love
love politics
love t
love teams
love theory
loved
loves
low
low probability
low risk
low s
low speaker
low speaker points
low speaks
low threshold
low threshold voting
lower
lower points
lower speaker
lower speaker points
lower speaks
lower threshold
lowest
lowest possible
loyola
luck
luck fun
lucky
lying
m bad
m best
m best judge
m better
m big
m big fan
m certainly
m comfortable
m coming
m concerned
m confused
m convinced
m cool
m currently
m definitely
m doing
m entirely
m excited
m expressive
m fairly
m familiar
m fan
m fine
m fine speed
m flowing
m game
m generally
m getting
m giving
m going
m going read
m going vote
m going work
m gonna
m good
m good judge
m great
m great judge
m happy
m happy answer
m happy vote
m honestly
m huge
m huge fan
m impressed
m inclined
m interested
m judge
m judging
m just
m just going
m k
m kind
m law
m left
m likely
m likely vote
m looking
m ok
m okay
m old
m open
m open arguments
m open hearing
m open listening
m opposed
m particularly
m persuaded
m policy
m policy debater
m pretty
m pretty good
m pretty open
m probably
m probably going
m probably judge
m quite
m reading
m really
m saying
m skeptical
m somewhat
m sorry
m sucker
m super
m supposed
m sure
m sympathetic
m talking
m told
m totally
m trying
m unlikely
m unlikely vote
m used
m usually
m versed
m vote
m voting
m willing
m willing listen
m willing vote
m writing
ma
machine
macro
macro level
mad
madison
madison university
magic
magically
magnet
magnitude
magnitude impacts
magnitude probability
magnitude probability timeframe
magnitude timeframe
magnitude timeframe probability
mail
mail chain
main
mainly
mainstream
maintain
major
majority
majority debate
majority time
make aff
make arg
make argument
make arguments
make assumptions
make attempt
make bad
make believe
make best
make best decision
make better
make case
make choices
make claims
make clear
make comparative
make comparisons
make connection
make connections
make debate
make debates
make decision
make decision based
make decisions
make decisions based
make difference
make difficult
make easier
make easy
make effort
make evidence
make eye
make eye contact
make feel
make flow
make framework
make fun
make good
make good arguments
make happy
make impact
make job
make k
make laugh
make link
make logical
make lot
make lot sense
make make
make new
make persuasive
make point
make round
make sad
make sense
make smart
make smart arguments
make specific
make strategic
make sure
make sure actually
make sure answer
make sure arguments
make sure articulate
make sure clear
make sure clearly
make sure explain
make sure explaining
make sure impact
make sure know
make sure m
make sure s
make sure tell
make sure understand
make theory
make things
make vote
make want
make work
maker
makes
makes argument
makes arguments
makes better
makes comfortable
makes debate
makes debates
makes decision
makes difference
makes difficult
makes easier
makes feel
makes good
makes happy
makes hard
makes harder
makes job
makes lot
makes sense
making argument
making arguments
making debate
making decision
making decisions
making framework
making good
making new
making process
making smart
making sure
malthus
man
manage
management
mandate
mandates
mandatory
manifests
manner
manners
map
maps
march
marginal
marginalized
margins
mark
mark card
mark cards
marked
marked cards
marked copy
marking
marks
marx
marxism
marxist
mary
mary washington
mason
mason university
mass
massive
master
master s
masters
mastery
match
matches
material
materialism
math
matheson
matt
matter
matter argument
matter don
matter don t
matter lot
matter think
matters
matters debate
matters lot
max
maximum
maybe
maybe don
maybe don t
maybe s
mean aff
mean automatically
mean debate
mean don
mean don t
mean good
mean like
mean ll
mean m
mean make
mean mean
mean need
mean read
mean s
mean say
mean shouldn
mean shouldn t
mean t
mean t win
mean team
mean think
mean vote
mean want
mean win
mean won
mean won t
meaning
meaningful
meaningful way
meaningfully
meaningless
means aff
means affirmative
means argument
means arguments
means context
means debate
means don
means don t
means explain
means going
means just
means know
means likely
means ll
means m
means make
means need
means neg
means plan
means probably
means read
means t
means team
means things
means think
means vote
means want
means win
means won
meant
measure
mechanics
mechanism
mechanisms
media
medical
mediocre
medium
meet
meet burden
meet threshold
meeting
meets
meh
member
members
meme
memory
men
mental
mention
mentioned
mere
merely
merit
merits
mess
message
messed
messy
met
meta
meta level
metaphor
metaphorical
metaphors
method
method debate
method debates
method v
method v method
methodological
methodologies
methodology
methods
methods debate
metric
metrics
miami
mic
michael
michigan
michigan state
michigan state university
micro
microphone
mid
mid s
middle
middle east
middle ground
middle road
middle school
midterms
mike
military
military presence
million
min
mind
minded
mindful
mindset
mini
minimal
minimally
minimize
minimum
minnesota
minor
minority
minus
minute
minutes
minutes prep
minutes round
minutiae
mis
misc
miscellaneous
misgendering
mishandle
mishandled
misrepresenting
miss
miss arguments
miss things
missed
missing
missing internal
missouri
missouri state
missouri state university
mistake
mistakes
mitigate
mitigated
mitigates
mitigation
mix
mixed
mn
mo
mock
mode
model
model competition
model debate
model debate better
model debate good
models
models debate
moderate
moderately
modern
modes
moment
moments
money
monitor
month
months
mood
moot
moral
morality
morally
morally repugnant
morning
mouth
moved
movement
movements
moves
movie
movies
moving
moving parts
moving target
ms
msu
muddled
multi
multi actor
multi actor fiat
multi plank
multi plank cps
multiple
multiple conditional
multiple conditional advocacies
multiple conditional counterplans
multiple contradictory
multiple counterplans
multiple perms
multiple worlds
mumbling
murder
music
mutual
mutual exclusivity
mutually
mutually exclusive
n
names
narrative
narratives
narrow
nasty
nation
national
national circuit
national debate
national level
national tournaments
nationally
nationals
nato
nats
natural
naturally
nature
naval
naval academy
nb
nc
nc ac
nc case
nc cps
nc nr
nc s
ncs
nd
ndt
ndt ceda
ndt ceda debate
ndt qualifier
ndt times
ndt twice
near
nearly
nearly impossible
neat
nebel
nebulous
necessarily
necessarily mean
necessarily need
necessary
necessary debate
necessary make
necessary win
necessitates
necessity
need able
need alt
need answer
need articulate
need better
need card
need clear
need clearly
need debate
need defend
need demonstrate
need evidence
need explain
need explain arguments
need explained
need explanation
need explicit
need extend
need flow
need good
need hear
need help
need impact
need impacts
need just
need know
need link
need little
need make
need make sure
need net
need offense
need pen
need pen time
need plan
need prove
need provide
need read
need really
need reason
need round
need say
need slow
need solve
need solvency
need specific
need spend
need spend time
need tell
need understand
need warrants
need win
need work
needed
needing
needlessly
needs
needs clear
needs clearly
needs explain
needs explained
needs good
needs impact
needs make
needs solve
needs win
needs work
neg aff
neg args
neg arguments
neg ballot
neg block
neg conditionality
neg condo
neg counterplan
neg cp
neg cp theory
neg debate
neg debates
neg does
neg doesn
neg doesn t
neg don
neg don t
neg explain
neg fiat
neg flex
neg framework
neg fw
neg gets
neg goes
neg going
neg good
neg ground
neg interpretation
neg k
neg kritiks
neg leaning
neg m
neg make
neg makes
neg need
neg needs
neg neg
neg offense
neg positions
neg presumption
neg probably
neg prove
neg questions
neg read
neg reads
neg runs
neg s
neg s interp
neg s interpretation
neg s offense
neg says
neg strat
neg strategies
neg strategy
neg strats
neg t
neg team
neg teams
neg theory
neg theory questions
neg think
neg unless
neg win
neg winning
neg wins
neg won
negate
negation
negative able
negative affirmative
negative argument
negative arguments
negative block
negative cp
negative debate
negative does
negative doesn
negative doesn t
negative fiat
negative framework
negative gets
negative goes
negative ground
negative impact
negative lot
negative make
negative needs
negative negative
negative positions
negative presumption
negative prove
negative s
negative s interpretation
negative strategies
negative strategy
negative team
negative teams
negative theory
negative think
negative topicality
negative unless
negative win
negative wins
negatively
negatives
neglect
negligible
negotiable
negs
negs need
neolib
neoliberalism
net
net beneficial
net benefit
net benefit cp
net benefits
net better
neutral
nevada
new
new aff
new affs
new affs bad
new answers
new ar
new ar arguments
new args
new argument
new arguments
new arguments ar
new arguments rebuttals
new cards
new debate
new judge
new judging
new responses
new school
new things
new topic
new trier
new york
newark
news
nexus
nfa
nfa ld
nfald
nice
nice don
nice don t
nice fun
nice opponents
nice partner
niche
nick
nietzsche
night
niles
niles west
nod
nodding
noise
non
non black
non competitive
non debate
non interventionist
non negotiable
non plan
non policy
non starter
non t
non topical
non topical aff
non topical affirmatives
non topical affs
non traditional
non traditional aff
non traditional affirmatives
non traditional affs
non traditional debate
non unique
non usfg
non verbal
non verbals
nonetheless
nonsense
nonsensical
nontraditional
nonverbal
norm
normal
normal means
normally
normative
norms
norms debate
north
north texas
northern
northridge
northwestern
note
note don
note don t
note m
note think
noted
notes
notice
noticed
noting
notion
notions
novel
november
novice
novice debate
novice debates
novice jv
novice rounds
novices
nowadays
npda
npda npte
npte
npte npda
nr
nr ar
nr doesn
nr doesn t
nr don
nr don t
nr goes
nr s
nr strategy
nr unless
nrs
nrs ars
ns
nsda
nuance
nuanced
nuanced arguments
nuances
nuclear
nuclear war
nuclear weapons
nuke
nuke war
number
number arguments
number times
numbering
numbers
numerous
ny
nyu
nyu years
o
o w
obama
object
object fiat
objection
objectionable
objections
objective
objective possible
objectively
objectively possible
objectivity
obligated
obligation
obligations
obnoxious
obscure
observation
observations
obvi
obvious
obviously
obviously debate
obviously important
occasion
occasional
occasionally
occur
occurred
occurring
occurs
oceans
october
octofinalist
odd
odds
offend
offended
offending
offending team
offense
offense aff
offense better
offense defense
offense defense paradigm
offense don
offense don t
offense framework
offense impact
offense k
offense t
offense win
offensive
offensive arguments
offensive language
offensive reason
offer
offered
offering
offers
office
official
offs
oftentimes
oh
ohio
ok
ok don
ok don t
okay
oklahoma
old
old fashioned
old man
old paradigm
old philosophy
old school
older
omission
omission links
ones
ongoing
online
online debate
online debates
online debating
ons
ontological
ontology
onus
open
open argument
open arguments
open cross
open cx
open debate
open debaters
open debates
open different
open hearing
open idea
open interpretation
open k
open listening
open mind
open minded
open policy
open source
open theory
open type
open types
open voting
openness
operate
operates
operating
opinion
opinions
opinions debate
opp
opponent
opponent does
opponent judge
opponent s
opponent s argument
opponent s arguments
opponent s evidence
opponent s impacts
opponent s speech
opponents
opponents arguments
opponents don
opponents don t
opponents evidence
opponents impact
opponents judges
opponents partner
opportunities
opportunity
opportunity cost
opportunity costs
opposed
opposed just
opposed voting
opposing
opposing team
opposing team s
opposing teams
opposite
opposition
oppression
oppressive
opt
option
option end
option negative
option nr
options
oral
oratory
order
order make
order vote
order win
orders
oregon
org
organization
organization important
organize
organized
organizing
orientalism
orientation
oriented
original
originally
ought
outcome
outcomes
outlandish
outline
outlined
outright
outrounds
outs
outside
outside debate
outside debate round
outside round
outweigh
outweigh aff
outweigh turn
outweighing
outweighs
outweighs aff
outweighs case
outweighs k
outweighs turns
overall
overall debate
overarching
overcome
overlimiting
overlooked
overly
overrated
overtly
overview
overviews
overwhelm
overwhelming
overwhelmingly
overwhelms
p
p s
pace
pace academy
pacific
packet
page
pages
pain
paint
paired
pandemic
panel
paper
paper need
paperless
paperless debate
paperless prep
paperless teams
papers
paradigm
paradigms
paragraph
paragraphs
parameters
paramount
paraphrase
paraphrased
paraphrasing
parent
park
parli
parli debate
parli ld
parli policy
parli years
parliamentary
parliamentary debate
parse
partial
partially
participant
participants
participate
participated
participating
participation
particular
particular aff
particular argument
particular arguments
particular debate
particular interpretation
particular order
particular round
particular style
particular theory
particular type
particular way
particularly
particularly enjoy
particularly good
particularly important
particularly like
particularly persuasive
particularly true
parties
partner
partner don
partner don t
partner opponents
partner s
partners
partnership
parts
parts aff
parts debate
parts evidence
parts plan
party
pass
passage
passed
passes
passing
passing night
passion
passionate
past
past year
past years
paste
path
path victory
pathos
patience
patient
patriarchy
patterns
paul
pause
pay
pay attention
pay close
pay close attention
paying
paying attention
peace
pedagogical
pedagogical value
pedagogically
pedagogy
peer
peers
peeve
peeves
pen
pen time
penalize
penalty
people activity
people debate
people don
people don t
people feel
people just
people like
people make
people nice
people read
people reading
people room
people round
people s
people say
people talking
people think
people try
people use
people want
perceive
perceived
percent
percent risk
perception
perf
perfect
perfectly
perfectly fine
perform
performance
performance aff
performance affs
performance arguments
performance based
performance based arguments
performance critical
performance debate
performance debater
performance debates
performance don
performance don t
performance k
performance non
performance non traditional
performance performance
performance style
performance team
performance teams
performances
performative
performative contradictions
performed
performing
period
periodically
perm
perm aff
perm alt
perm argument
perm counterplan
perm cp
perm debate
perm doesn
perm doesn t
perm double
perm double bind
perm perm
perm s
perm solves
perm text
perm theory
permits
perms
perms bad
perms method
perms method debate
perms tests
perms tests competition
permutation
permutation arguments
permutation texts
permutations
permutations need
person
person room
person s
personal
personal attacks
personal beliefs
personal biases
personal experience
personal preference
personal preferences
personality
personally
personally believe
personally think
personhood
persons
perspective
perspective debate
perspectives
persuadable
persuade
persuade vote
persuaded
persuaded aff
persuaded argument
persuaded arguments
persuaded fairness
persuaded framework
persuaded negative
persuaded perm
persuaded presumption
persuaded reasonability
persuaded risk
persuaded theory
persuaded topicality
persuaded vote
persuading
persuasion
persuasive
persuasive activity
persuasive aff
persuasive argument
persuasive arguments
persuasive framework
persuasive impact
persuasive reason
persuasive think
persuasively
persuasiveness
pertaining
pertains
pessimism
pet
pet peeve
pet peeves
petty
pf
pf debate
pf ld
ph
ph d
phd
phd student
phil
philosopher
philosophers
philosophical
philosophies
philosophy
philosophy debate
philosophy just
phone
phrase
phrases
phrasing
physical
physically
pic
pic s
pick
pick choose
picked
picking
picky
pics
pics bad
pics good
pics probably
picture
picture debate
piece
piece evidence
pieces
pieces evidence
pik
pik s
piks
pile
pitt
pittsburgh
place
place debate
placed
places
plain
plan ac
plan action
plan advantages
plan advocacy
plan aff
plan affs
plan bad
plan based
plan better
plan counterplan
plan cp
plan debate
plan defend
plan does
plan doesn
plan doesn t
plan don
plan don t
plan explain
plan focus
plan focused
plan framework
plan going
plan good
plan implemented
plan inclusive
plan inclusive counterplans
plan just
plan m
plan make
plan neg
plan perm
plan plan
plan plus
plan probably
plan read
plan s
plan solvency
plan specific
plan text
plan text advocacy
plan text vacuum
plan texts
plan theory
plan think
plan topical
plan vote
plan vs
planet
plank
plank cps
planks
planless
planless aff
planless affs
planning
plans
plans counterplans
plans think
plantext
platform
plausible
play
play debate
play game
play music
play role
played
player
playing
playing game
plays
pleasant
pleased
pleasure
plenty
pls
plus
plz
pmr
podium
poem
poetry
point debate
point distribution
point don
point don t
point m
point round
point s
point scale
point stasis
point think
pointed
pointing
pointless
points awarded
points based
points clarity
points clash
points debate
points debaters
points don
points don t
points evidence
points generally
points given
points good
points just
points like
points likely
points loss
points m
points make
points order
points people
points probably
points reflect
points s
points said
points scale
points speaker
points speaker points
points suffer
points teams
points things
points think
points try
points unless
points use
poke
poker
poker face
police
policies
policing
policy action
policy aff
policy aff v
policy affirmatives
policy affs
policy affs vs
policy analysis
policy args
policy argument
policy arguments
policy background
policy based
policy coach
policy college
policy critical
policy debate
policy debate coach
policy debate experience
policy debate good
policy debate high
policy debate judge
policy debate years
policy debater
policy debaters
policy debates
policy education
policy failure
policy framework
policy general
policy high
policy high school
policy impacts
policy judge
policy just
policy k
policy kritik
policy ld
policy m
policy maker
policy making
policy option
policy options
policy oriented
policy paradigm
policy performance
policy pf
policy plan
policy policy
policy proposal
policy research
policy round
policy rounds
policy strategies
policy stuff
policy style
policy team
policy teams
policy things
policy think
policy v
policy v k
policy v policy
policy vs
policy vs k
policy x
policy x k
policy years
policymaker
policymakers
policymaking
polite
political
political capital
political science
political theory
politically
politics
politics case
politics da
politics da s
politics das
politics debate
politics debates
politics disad
politics disads
politics theory
pomo
poo
pool
poor
poor evidence
poorly
poorly constructed
poorly executed
poorly explained
poorly written
pop
pop culture
popular
portable
portable skills
portion
portion debate
portions
portions debate
posed
position
position debate
position don
position don t
positions
positions arguments
positions don
positions don t
positive
possibility
possible
possible debate
possible don
possible don t
possible make
possible means
possible win
possibly
post
post fiat
post modern
post round
post rounding
posted
posting
postmodern
potential
potential abuse
potential abuse voter
potentially
power
powerful
powers
practical
practically
practice
practiced
practices
practicing
pragmatic
pragmatism
pragmatist
praxis
pre
pre fiat
pre post
pre round
pre round prep
pre written
precede
precedent
precedes
precise
precisely
precision
preclude
preconceived
preconceived notions
predict
predictability
predictable
predictable ground
predictable limits
predictions
predictive
predisposed
predisposition
predispositions
pref
pref sheet
preface
prefer aff
prefer arguments
prefer clear
prefer critical
prefer debate
prefer debaters
prefer debates
prefer depth
prefer developed
prefer don
prefer don t
prefer email
prefer evidence
prefer good
prefer hear
prefer judge
prefer k
prefer ks
prefer line
prefer line line
prefer policy
prefer read
prefer specific
prefer specificity
prefer substantive
prefer teams
prefer vote
prefer watch
preferable
preferably
preference
preference policy
preferences
preferred
preffing
prefs
prelims
premise
premised
premises
premium
prep
prep don
prep don t
prep ends
prep prep
prep stealing
prep stops
prep time
prep time don
prep time ends
prep time prep
prep time stops
prep time use
preparation
prepare
prepared
prepared debate
prepared defend
preparing
prepping
prerequisite
presence
present
presentation
presented
presented debate
presented debaters
presented round
presenting
presents
preserve
preserving
president
presidential
press
pressed
presses
pressure
presume
presumed
presumption
presumption aff
presumption arguments
presumption flips
presumption flips aff
presumption goes
presumption neg
presumptions
presumptively
presuppositions
pretend
pretending
pretty
pretty bad
pretty easily
pretty easy
pretty expressive
pretty familiar
pretty good
pretty high
pretty high threshold
pretty important
pretty low
pretty open
pretty silly
pretty simple
pretty straight
pretty sure
prevent
preventing
prevents
previous
previous speech
previously
previously coached
prewritten
prima
primarily
primarily policy
primary
principle
principles
prior
prior knowledge
prior question
prior round
prior speech
priori
prioritize
prioritize arguments
prioritized
prioritizing
priority
private
privilege
pro
prob
probability
probability impact
probability magnitude
probability timeframe
probable
probably abusive
probably bad
probably ballot
probably best
probably best judge
probably better
probably cheating
probably competitive
probably default
probably doesn
probably doesn t
probably don
probably don t
probably err
probably familiar
probably favorite
probably fine
probably going
probably good
probably higher
probably higher threshold
probably important
probably isn
probably isn t
probably judge
probably just
probably know
probably lean
probably little
probably lose
probably make
probably means
probably necessary
probably need
probably ok
probably okay
probably pretty
probably read
probably reason
probably reason reject
probably shouldn
probably shouldn t
probably think
probably true
probably vote
probably want
probably win
probably won
probably won t
probably wrong
problem
problem voting
problematic
problems
procedural
procedural argument
procedural arguments
procedural debate
procedural fairness
procedural fairness impact
procedural issues
procedurals
procedure
procedures
proceed
process
process arguments
process consult
process counterplans
process cp
process cp s
process cps
process debate
processes
processing
proclivities
proclivity
produce
produced
produces
product
production
productive
profanity
professional
professor
proficiency
proficient
profit
program
programs
progress
progresses
progressive
project
projects
prolif
proliferation
promise
promote
promotes
prompt
prompting
prone
pronounced
pronouns
proof
propensity
proper
properly
proposal
proposals
propose
proposed
proposes
proposition
protect
protect nr
protecting
proud
prove
prove abuse
prove aff
prove affirmative
prove interpretation
prove link
prove plan
prove round
proved
proven
proven abuse
proves
provide
provide alternative
provide clear
provide reason
provide reasons
provide specific
provide warrants
provided
provides
provides better
providing
proving
psychoanalysis
psychoanalytic
ptx
public
public forum
public forum debate
public policy
public speaking
published
puget
puget sound
pull
pull trigger
pulled
pulling
pulling trigger
punish
punished
punishing
punishment
puns
pure
purely
purple
purpose
purpose debate
purposefully
purposes
pursue
pursuing
push
pushes
pushing
puts
putting
q
qualification
qualifications
qualified
qualified ndt
qualified ndt twice
qualifier
qualify
qualitative
quality
quality argument
quality argumentation
quality arguments
quality debate
quality debates
quality debating
quality evidence
quality important
quality matters
quality quantity
quality research
qualms
quals
quantify
quantitative
quantity
quantity arguments
quantity quality
quarters
queer
queer theory
queerness
question
question ask
question competing
question debate
question don
question don t
question round
questionable
questionably
questioned
questioning
questions answers
questions ask
questions ask round
questions asked
questions cross
questions cx
questions debate
questions don
questions don t
questions email
questions feel
questions feel free
questions just
questions just ask
questions like
questions m
questions make
questions paradigm
questions round
questions things
questions think
quick
quick notes
quickly
quiet
quirks
quit
quite
quite bit
quo
quo competitive
quo competitive policy
quo logical
quo neg
quo option
quote
quotes
quoting
r
race
race gender
race theory
racial
racism
racism good
racism sexism
racism sexism homophobia
racist
racist ableist
racist homophobic
racist sexist
racist sexist ableist
racist sexist homophobic
radical
radically
rage
raise
raised
ran
ran k
ran policy
random
random things
random thoughts
range
range arguments
rank
rant
rap
rape
rapid
rare
rarely
rarely vote
rasa
rasa judge
rate
rate delivery
rate speed
rational
rd
reach
reached
reaching
react
reaction
reactions
read aff
read affirmative
read argument
read arguments
read author
read best
read blocks
read bunch
read bunch cards
read card
read cards
read cards debate
read cards unless
read case
read conditional
read conditional advocacies
read counterplans
read cp
read critical
read critical arguments
read da
read debate
read don
read don t
read evidence
read evidence debate
read evidence round
read framework
read generic
read good
read high
read impact
read judge
read just
read k
read k aff
read like
read lit
read literature
read long
read lot
read lot cards
read lot evidence
read lots
read m
read make
read multiple
read nc
read neg
read new
read non
read paradigm
read philosophy
read piece
read piece evidence
read plan
read plan text
read policy
read read
read round
read s
read specific
read speech
read speech doc
read speech docs
read speed
read t
read team
read theory
read think
read ton
read topic
read topical
read topical plan
read want
read x
reader
readily
reading aff
reading argument
reading arguments
reading blocks
reading bunch
reading card
reading cards
reading cp
reading critical
reading evidence
reading framework
reading generic
reading k
reading lot
reading paradigm
reading policy
reading specific
reading speech
reading t
reading theory
reads
ready
ready defend
ready start
real
real argument
real impact
real life
real world
realism
realistic
reality
realize
realized
really appreciate
really bad
really believe
really care
really cool
really dislike
really don
really don t
really easy
really enjoy
really enjoy debates
really enjoy good
really explain
really fast
really good
really hard
really hate
really impact
really important
really just
really know
really like
really long
really love
really make
really matter
really need
really persuaded
really prefer
really really
really strong
really sure
really think
really try
really understand
really value
really want
realm
reason
reason aff
reason don
reason don t
reason prefer
reason reject
reason reject arg
reason reject argument
reason reject team
reason s
reason think
reason vote
reason vote aff
reason vote neg
reason win
reasonability
reasonability argument
reasonability arguments
reasonability competing
reasonability competing interpretations
reasonability means
reasonability t
reasonable
reasonable doubt
reasonably
reasonably topical
reasoned
reasoned arguments
reasoning
reasons
reasons aff
reasons prefer
reasons reject
reasons reject argument
reasons reject team
reasons vote
rebuttal
rebuttal speech
rebuttal speeches
rebuttals
rebuttals don
rebuttals don t
receive
receive zero
receive zero speaker
received
receiving
recency
recent
recent years
recently
receptive
reciprocal
reciprocity
recognize
recognizing
recommend
recommendations
reconcile
reconstruct
reconstruct debate
reconstructing
record
recorded
recording
red
reduce
reduce risk
reduced
reduces
reducing
reduction
refer
reference
referenced
references
referencing
referring
refers
reflect
reflected
reflected speaker
reflected speaker points
reflection
reflective
reflects
reform
refrain
refusal
refuse
refuse vote
refusing
refutation
refute
refuting
regard
regarding
regarding debate
regardless
regards
region
regional
regular
regularly
rehighlighting
rehighlightings
reiterate
reject
reject aff
reject affirmative
reject arg
reject arg team
reject argument
reject argument team
reject cp
reject team
rejected
rejecting
rejecting argument
rejecting argument team
rejecting team
rejection
rejoinder
relate
relate topic
related
related arguments
related resolution
related topic
relates
relating
relation
relation resolution
relation topic
relations
relationship
relationship topic
relationships
relative
relative risk
relatively
relatively high
relax
relevance
relevant
relevant argument
relevant debate
relevant decision
relevant topic
reliance
reliant
relies
religion
reluctant
rely
rely heavily
relying
remain
remaining
remains
remarks
remedy
remember
remember debate
remind
remove
removed
removing
render
render decision
repeat
repeated
repeatedly
repeating
repetition
repetitive
replace
report
represent
representation
representations
representative
represented
represents
reps
reps k
repugnant
reputation
request
requested
requests
require
required
requirement
requirements
requires
requiring
res
research
research burden
research topic
researched
researching
reserve
reserve right
reserve right vote
reserved
residual
resistance
resolution
resolution aff
resolution affirmative
resolution debate
resolution does
resolution don
resolution don t
resolution good
resolution m
resolution negative
resolution probably
resolution think
resolution way
resolutional
resolutions
resolve
resolve arguments
resolve debate
resolve debates
resolve impacts
resolve issue
resolved
resolves
resolves link
resolves links
resolving
resonate
resort
resource
resources
respect
respect opponents
respectful
respectful opponents
respective
respectively
respond
responded
responding
responds
response
responses
responsibility
responsible
responsive
rest
rest debate
restrictions
rests
result
result aff
result loss
resulting
results
retain
rethink
return
returned
returning
reveal
reverse
reverse voter
reverse voting
reverse voting issue
reverse voting issues
revert
review
reviewed
revolution
revolutionary
revolve
revolves
reward
reward debaters
reward good
reward smart
reward speaker
reward teams
rewarded
rewarded higher
rewarded speaker
rewarded speaker points
rewarding
rez
rfd
rfd s
rfds
rhetoric
rhetorical
rhetorically
richard
richmond
ride
ridiculous
ridiculously
right
right judge
right vote
right way
rights
rigor
rigorous
rip
rise
risk
risk aff
risk argument
risk da
risk disad
risk impact
risk link
risk net
risk net benefit
risk offense
risk possible
risk solvency
risks
risky
road
road map
road maps
roadmap
roadmaps
rob
robot
robs
robust
robust defense
rochester
rock
roj
role
role ballot
role ballot argument
role ballot arguments
role ballot judge
role ballot role
role debate
role educator
role judge
role negative
role playing
roleplaying
roles
roles ballot
roll
room
root
root cause
root cause arguments
rooted
roots
rotb
rough
roughly
round abuse
round aff
round argument
round arguments
round ask
round based
round begins
round believe
round best
round better
round clash
round clear
round consider
round debate
round debaters
round debating
round decision
round default
round does
round don
round don t
round e
round email
round end
round evaluate
round evidence
round explain
round feel
round feel free
round flow
round framework
round fun
round general
round going
round good
round impact
round impacts
round important
round judge
round judging
round just
round k
round like
round likely
round ll
round long
round m
round make
round make sure
round means
round mind
round need
round needs
round open
round performance
round policy
round prefer
round prep
round probably
round questions
round read
round really
round round
round s
round said
round speaker
round speaker points
round specific
round speed
round starts
round t
round team
round teams
round tell
round theory
round things
round think
round time
round topicality
round try
round understand
round unless
round ve
round vote
round want
round way
round win
round winner
round winning
round won
round won t
round work
rounded
rounding
rounds
rounds don
rounds don t
rounds judge
rounds judged
rounds m
rounds policy
rounds s
rounds teams
rounds topic
rounds ve
rounds year
route
rubric
rude
rude don
rude don t
rude mean
rudeness
rule
rule debate
rule thumb
rules
rules debate
run
run argument
run arguments
run critical
run don
run don t
run framework
run good
run high
run just
run k
run ks
run like
run m
run prep
run prep time
run t
run theory
run time
run want
running
running argument
running arguments
running k
running prep
runs
rush
russia
rusty
rutgers
rutgers university
rvi
rvi s
rvis
ryan
s ability
s ac
s actually
s advantages
s advocacy
s aff
s answer
s argument
s arguments
s attempt
s awesome
s bad
s best
s better
s big
s burden
s case
s chance
s cheating
s clear
s college
s competitive
s condo
s cool
s counter
s counterplan
s counterplans
s cp
s cp s
s da
s debate
s debated
s debaters
s degree
s difference
s different
s difficult
s doesn
s doesn t
s don
s don t
s dropped
s early
s easier
s easy
s especially
s evidence
s explain
s explained
s explanation
s fair
s fault
s favorite
s fine
s flow
s framework
s fun
s game
s generally
s going
s gonna
s good
s good debate
s great
s happening
s hard
s harder
s helpful
s high
s impact
s impact turns
s impacts
s important
s impossible
s internal
s internal link
s interp
s interpretation
s job
s judge
s just
s k
s k s
s key
s kind
s like
s likely
s line
s link
s little
s ll
s long
s lot
s love
s m
s make
s make sure
s method
s model
s necessary
s need
s neg
s neg s
s negative
s net
s new
s nice
s non
s nr
s obviously
s offense
s ok
s okay
s paradigm
s particularly
s performance
s perm
s persuasive
s philosophy
s plan
s point
s policy
s position
s possible
s prep
s pretty
s probably
s problem
s question
s read
s real
s really
s reason
s reasonable
s relevant
s responsibility
s right
s risk
s role
s round
s run
s s
s said
s sake
s say
s solvency
s specific
s speech
s strategic
s strategy
s super
s t
s talk
s team
s tend
s theory
s thing
s things
s think
s time
s topic
s topical
s tough
s true
s try
s unfair
s uphill
s uphill battle
s useful
s usually
s value
s ve
s vote
s voter
s voting
s voting issue
s want
s warranted
s way
s win
s work
s worse
s worth
sacramento
sacrifice
sacrifice clarity
sad
sadly
safe
safe space
safety
said arguments
said believe
said debate
said don
said don t
said going
said good
said like
said ll
said m
said make
said really
said round
said s
said said
said t
said theory
said things
said think
said try
said understand
said ve
said vote
said win
said won
said won t
saint
sake
salad
sales
salient
salt
samford
samford university
san
san antonio
san francisco
san francisco state
sandbagging
sarah
sarcasm
sass
sassy
satisfy
save
saved
saving
saw
say aff
say arguments
say clear
say clear twice
say debate
say don
say don t
say dropped
say good
say just
say like
say ll
say m
say offensive
say plan
say probably
say read
say round
say s
say say
say slow
say t
say theory
say thing
say things
say think
say vote
say want
say won
say won t
say yes
saying
saying aff
saying argument
saying debate
saying don
saying don t
saying m
saying s
saying t
saying things
says
says s
scale
scared
scenario
scenarios
scene
schedule
scholarly
scholars
scholarship
school assistant
school coach
school coached
school college
school debate
school debated
school debaters
school debates
school judging
school ld
school level
school policy
school policy debate
school rounds
school students
school topic
school tournaments
school university
school years
school years college
schoolers
schools
science
scope
score
scott
screen
screw
screwed
scripted
scroll
scrutiny
se
sean
search
searching
season
sec
second
second time
second year
secondary
seconds
secret
section
sections
security
security cap
security k
seeing
seek
seeking
seemingly
seen
seen lot
select
selection
self
self serving
sell
selling
semester
semi
send
send analytics
send docs
send email
send speech
send speech docs
sending
senior
senior year
sense
sense argument
sense don
sense don t
sense humor
sense m
sense think
sensitive
sent
sentence
sentences
separate
separate sheet
september
sequencing
serial
serial policy
serial policy failure
series
seriously
seriously don
seriously don t
serve
served
serves
service
services
serving
set
set arguments
set col
set stone
sets
setting
settings
settler
settler colonialism
seven
sever
severance
severance perms
severe
severely
sex
sexism
sexism homophobia
sexist
sexist ableist
sexist homophobic
sexist racist
sexual
sexuality
shadow
shadow extend
shadow extensions
shady
shake
shall
shallow
shape
shaped
shapes
share
share evidence
shared
sharing
sheet
sheet paper
sheets
shell
shells
shenanigans
shift
shifted
shifting
shifts
shifty
shine
ships
ships passing
ships passing night
shirley
shit
shitty
shocked
shoes
short
short version
shorter
shorthand
shot
shots
shouldn
shouldn t
shouldn t allowed
shouldn t read
shout
shouting
showing
shown
shows
shree
shy
shy away
sick
sided
sides
sides debate
sight
sign
sign ballot
sign post
sign posting
signal
signals
significance
significant
significant impact
significant time
significantly
signifies
signpost
signposting
silence
silent
silly
similar
similarly
simple
simpler
simplistic
simply
simply saying
simulation
simultaneously
sing
single
sit
sit stand
site
sitting
situate
situated
situation
situational
situations
size
skeptical
skepticism
sketchy
skew
skewed
skews
skill
skilled
skills
skills debate
skip
skipped
skipping
sky
slate
sleep
slew
sliding
sliding scale
slight
slightest
slightly
slightly better
sloppy
slow
slow bit
slow clear
slow cp
slow explain
slow little
slow make
slow reading
slow slow
slow tags
slow theory
slowed
slower
slowing
slowly
slurs
small
small schools
smaller
smart
smart analytic
smart analytical
smart analytical arguments
smart analytics
smart argument
smart arguments
smart strategic
smarter
smile
smith
snark
snarky
sneaky
social
social justice
social location
society
soft
soft left
soft left affs
soft spot
sold
sole
solely
solely based
solid
solution
solutions
solve
solve aff
solve aff s
solve affirmative
solve better
solve case
solve entirety
solve entirety aff
solve harms
solve impact
solve impacts
solve k
solve links
solve offense
solve problem
solved
solvency
solvency advocate
solvency advocates
solvency aff
solvency arguments
solvency cards
solvency claims
solvency debate
solvency debates
solvency deficit
solvency deficits
solvency evidence
solvency internal
solvency mechanism
solvency mechanisms
solves
solves aff
solves better
solves case
solves impact
solves impacts
solves link
solves links
solving
somebody
somewhat
song
soon
sooner
sophisticated
sophomore
sorry
sort
sorts
soul
sound
sound like
sounding
sounds
sounds like
source
sources
south
southern
southern california
southwestern
space
space topic
spaces
spanos
sparingly
spark
spark wipeout
speak
speak clearly
speak fast
speak quickly
speaker award
speaker awards
speaker point
speaker point scale
speaker points based
speaker points clarity
speaker points debate
speaker points debaters
speaker points don
speaker points good
speaker points like
speaker points likely
speaker points m
speaker points make
speaker points probably
speaker points reflect
speaker points s
speaker points said
speaker points speaker
speaker points suffer
speaker points teams
speaker points think
speaker points unless
speaker s
speakers
speaking
speaking activity
speaking clearly
speaking quickly
speaking style
speaks
speaks don
speaks don t
speaks good
speaks make
spec
spec arguments
special
specialized
specific acronyms
specific aff
specific affirmative
specific application
specific argument
specific arguments
specific arguments topicality
specific better
specific card
specific cards
specific case
specific counterplan
specific counterplans
specific cp
specific da
specific das
specific debate
specific education
specific evidence
specific examples
specific impact
specific issues
specific jargon
specific k
specific link
specific link affirmative
specific links
specific links aff
specific literature
specific notes
specific parts
specific pics
specific plan
specific possible
specific questions
specific questions ask
specific questions feel
specific reasons
specific research
specific round
specific solvency
specific solvency advocate
specific solvency evidence
specific strategies
specific strategy
specific stuff
specific theory
specific things
specific thoughts
specific topic
specific warrants
specific ways
specifically
specification
specification arguments
specificity
specificity important
specifics
specifics aff
specified
specify
specs
spectrum
speech act
speech begins
speech cross
speech cx
speech debate
speech doc
speech doc don
speech docs
speech document
speech documents
speech don
speech don t
speech drop
speech just
speech m
speech order
speech prep
speech prep time
speech probably
speech s
speech speech
speech team
speech time
speech times
speechdrop
speechdrop net
speeches
speeches cross
speeches cx
speeches debate
speeches don
speeches don t
speeches especially
speeches make
speed
speed clarity
speed clear
speed debate
speed don
speed don t
speed fast
speed fine
speed going
speed good
speed long
speed m
speed reading
speed s
speed speed
speed speed fine
speed theory
speeding
speeds
spell
spelled
spend
spend lot
spend lot time
spend seconds
spend time
spend time doing
spend time explaining
spending
spending time
spends
spent
spent lot
spent lot time
spent time
spent years
spew
spewing
spikes
spill
spillover
spin
spin evidence
spirit
split
spoke
spoken
sport
sports
spot
spots
spread
spreading
spreading fine
spring
sq
squad
squo
ssd
st
stable
stack
staff
stake
stake debate
stake round
stakes
stale
stance
stand
standard
standard policy
standards
standards debate
standards t
standards voters
standing
standpoint
stands
stare
staring
start
start debate
start prep
start speaking
start speech
start time
started
started debate
started debating
started judging
starter
starting
starting point
starts
stasis
stasis point
state
state action
state bad
state debate
state fiat
state fullerton
state good
state university
state university years
state years
stated
statement
statements
states
states counterplan
states cp
states cp bad
states cp good
states federal
states federal government
static
stating
statistical
statistics
status
status counterplan
status quo
status quo competitive
status quo logical
status quo neg
status quo option
stay
steal
steal prep
steal prep time
stealing
stealing prep
stealing prep time
step
stick
sticking
stickler
sticks
stock
stock issue
stock issues
stole
stolen
stone
stop
stop debate
stop flowing
stop prep
stop reading
stop round
stopped
stopping
stops
stops flash
stops flash drive
stories
story
story aff
story don
story don t
story good
story impact
story k
story make
storytelling
straight
straight policy
straight turns
straightforward
strange
strat
strategic
strategic choice
strategic choices
strategic concessions
strategic decision
strategic decisions
strategic tool
strategic value
strategic vision
strategically
strategies
strategies like
strategy
strategy aff
strategy don
strategy don t
strategy just
strategy make
strategy relies
strategy s
strategy think
strats
stray
strength
strength link
strengths
stress
stressful
stretch
strict
strictly
strike
strikes
strive
strong
strong argument
strong defense
strong feelings
strong link
strong opinions
strong preference
stronger
strongest
strongly
strongly believe
strongly prefer
structural
structural fairness
structural violence
structurally
structure
structure debate
structured
structures
struggle
struggling
stuck
student
student university
students
studied
studies
study
studying
stuff
stuff don
stuff don t
stuff like
stuff m
stuff policy
stuff s
stupid
stupidity
style
style argument
style argumentation
style arguments
style debate
style debating
styles
styles debate
stylistic
stylistically
sub
subject
subject change
subject formation
subject matter
subjective
subjectivity
subjects
submit
submitted
subpoint
subscribe
subsequent
subsets
substance
substance debate
substance theory
substantial
substantial time
substantially
substantiate
substantive
substantive arguments
substantive debate
substantive debates
substantive framework
substantive issues
substantively
substitute
succeed
success
successful
successfully
succinct
suck
sucker
sucks
suddenly
suffer
suffering
suffice
sufficiency
sufficiency framing
sufficient
sufficiently
suggest
suggested
suggestion
suggestions
suggests
suicide
suit
suited
sum
summary
summary final
summary final focus
summer
sun
super
super familiar
super important
super long
super specific
superior
support
support arguments
support claims
supported
supported evidence
supporting
supports
suppose
supposed
supposed fun
supreme
supreme court
sure actually
sure answer
sure arguments
sure articulate
sure clear
sure clearly
sure don
sure don t
sure explain
sure explaining
sure extend
sure good
sure impact
sure know
sure link
sure m
sure make
sure read
sure really
sure s
sure slow
sure tell
sure understand
sure weigh
surely
surface
surface level
surprise
surprised
surprisingly
surrounding
surveillance
survival
susceptible
suspect
suspicion
suspicious
sway
swayed
sweeping
sweet
swing
switch
switch debate
switching
sympathetic
sympathetic aff
sympathetic arguments
sympathetic negative
sympathize
sympathy
synthesize
systematic
systemic
systemic impacts
systems
t able
t abuse
t access
t actually
t adapt
t adequately
t aff
t affect
t affs
t afraid
t agree
t allow
t allowed
t answer
t answered
t apply
t appreciate
t ar
t arg
t args
t argument
t arguments
t articulate
t ask
t assume
t assume know
t assume m
t auto
t automatically
t automatically vote
t bad
t ballot
t beat
t believe
t best
t bother
t buy
t card
t cards
t care
t care arguments
t case
t catch
t change
t cheat
t clear
t clearly
t clip
t clip cards
t come
t compete
t competitive
t complete
t consider
t convince
t count
t cp
t cut
t da
t debate
t debates
t debates think
t decide
t default
t default competing
t defend
t defend plan
t defend resolution
t doing
t don
t don t
t drop
t end
t engage
t enjoy
t especially
t evaluate
t evidence
t exist
t expect
t expect know
t experience
t explain
t explained
t extend
t familiar
t far
t feel
t feel like
t figure
t flow
t follow
t forget
t framework
t fw
t generally
t given
t going
t gonna
t good
t great
t happen
t happy
t hard
t hear
t heard
t help
t hesitate
t hold
t hurt
t ignore
t imagine
t impact
t impacts
t important
t include
t inherently
t intervene
t isn
t isn t
t jerk
t judge
t judge kick
t judged
t just
t just assume
t just read
t just say
t k
t kick
t know
t know means
t leave
t let
t lie
t like
t like read
t like t
t likely
t limits
t line
t link
t listen
t ll
t long
t look
t lose
t lot
t love
t m
t make
t make argument
t make arguments
t make sense
t make sure
t matter
t mean
t mean automatically
t mean don
t mean m
t mean need
t mean shouldn
t mean t
t mean think
t mean vote
t mean won
t meet
t mention
t mind
t necessarily
t necessarily mean
t necessarily need
t need
t need alt
t need win
t neg
t neglect
t nr
t particularly
t people
t perm
t persuaded
t persuasive
t plan
t point
t policy
t policy affs
t pref
t prefer
t preference
t prep
t presume
t pretend
t probably
t problem
t procedural
t procedurals
t prove
t provide
t question
t racist
t read
t read cards
t read evidence
t read plan
t reading
t real
t really
t really care
t really know
t really like
t really think
t really understand
t reason
t reject
t rely
t remember
t require
t research
t resolve
t respond
t reverse
t round
t rude
t run
t s
t said
t say
t seen
t seriously
t shy
t slow
t solve
t solve aff
t solve case
t speak
t specific
t speech
t speed
t spend
t spend time
t spread
t start
t steal
t steal prep
t stop
t strong
t sufficient
t super
t surprised
t t
t talk
t team
t tell
t tend
t theory
t theory debates
t thing
t things
t think
t think aff
t think debate
t think just
t think m
t think need
t think s
t think ve
t thought
t time
t ton
t topic
t topical
t true
t trust
t try
t understand
t understand argument
t understand k
t understand saying
t understand t
t unless
t use
t usfg
t usually
t ve
t version
t version aff
t vote
t vote argument
t vote don
t vote t
t vote theory
t voted
t voter
t voting
t voting issue
t vs
t wait
t wanna
t want
t want hear
t want read
t waste
t waste time
t way
t weigh
t win
t winning
t won
t won t
t work
t worry
t write
t x
tab
table
tabroom
tabroom com
tabula
tabula rasa
tabula rasa judge
tactic
tactical
tactics
tad
tag
tag line
tag lines
tag team
tagged
tagging
tagline
taglines
tags
tags authors
tags cites
tailor
tailored
taken
takeout
takeouts
takes
taking
taking advantage
taking prep
taking time
talent
talk
talk aff
talk partner
talk things
talk topic
talked
talking
talks
tangential
tangentially
tangible
tank
tank speaks
target
task
taste
taught
tax
taylor
tbh
tea
teach
teacher
teaches
teaching
team able
team actually
team aff
team argues
team argument
team best
team better
team clipping
team conditionality
team cross
team cx
team debate
team debated
team debating
team default
team did
team did better
team does
team does better
team doesn
team doesn t
team doing
team don
team don t
team dropped
team drops
team gets
team gives
team goes
team going
team good
team just
team like
team likely
team lose
team lost
team m
team make
team makes
team making
team need
team needs
team partner
team probably
team read
team reading
team reads
team really
team round
team running
team s
team s argument
team s arguments
team s evidence
team s impact
team s interpretation
team s offense
team said
team saying
team says
team t
team team
team theory
team think
team unless
team use
team usually
team vote
team win
team winning
team wins
team won
teammate
teammates
teams agree
teams answer
teams argue
teams arguments
teams best
teams better
teams choose
teams clear
teams debate
teams debating
teams defend
teams don
teams don t
teams engage
teams explain
teams framework
teams going
teams impact
teams just
teams let
teams lose
teams m
teams make
teams make arguments
teams making
teams need
teams point
teams policy
teams prepared
teams read
teams reading
teams run
teams say
teams spend
teams tell
teams tend
teams think
teams try
teams use
teams want
teams willing
teams win
teams winning
teams won
tech
tech issues
tech truth
tech vs
tech vs truth
tech x
tech x truth
technical
technical arguments
technical concessions
technical debate
technical debates
technical debating
technical judge
technicalities
technically
technique
techniques
technology
techy
tell aff
tell argument
tell arguments
tell ballot
tell clear
tell debate
tell don
tell don t
tell evaluate
tell evidence
tell exactly
tell flow
tell impact
tell impacts
tell important
tell judge
tell like
tell look
tell m
tell matters
tell need
tell prefer
tell read
tell role
tell s
tell story
tell think
tell vote
tell voting
tell want
tell weigh
tell win
tell winning
tell won
telling
tells
tend
tend believe
tend default
tend err
tend evaluate
tend higher
tend judge
tend lean
tend lean aff
tend lean neg
tend like
tend persuaded
tend prefer
tend pretty
tend read
tend reward
tend think
tend view
tend vote
tended
tendencies
tendency
tends
tension
tenuous
term
terminal
terminal defense
terminal impact
terminal impacts
terminology
terms
terms arguments
terms art
terms ballot
terms debate
terms impact
terms theory
terrible
terribly
terrorism
test
test aff
test competition
tested
testing
tests
tests competition
texas
text
text advocacy
text advocacy statement
text aff
text card
text evidence
text just
text vacuum
texts
textual
textual competition
textual functional
textual functional competition
textually
textually competitive
textually functionally
textually functionally competitive
tfa
th
th year
thank
thanks
thats
theirs
theme
themes
theoretical
theoretical argument
theoretical arguments
theoretical framework
theoretical issues
theoretical legitimacy
theoretical objection
theoretical objections
theoretically
theoretically illegitimate
theoretically legitimate
theories
theory aff
theory arg
theory args
theory argument
theory arguments
theory arguments like
theory arguments reasons
theory believe
theory block
theory blocks
theory clear
theory competition
theory conditionality
theory condo
theory counterplans
theory cps
theory debate
theory debates
theory debates think
theory debating
theory default
theory doesn
theory doesn t
theory don
theory don t
theory expect
theory explain
theory fine
theory framework
theory fw
theory generally
theory going
theory good
theory hard
theory high
theory impact
theory interpretation
theory interpretations
theory issues
theory judge
theory just
theory k
theory kritiks
theory ks
theory lean
theory like
theory ll
theory ll vote
theory lot
theory love
theory love theory
theory m
theory m open
theory make
theory means
theory need
theory needs
theory objections
theory policy
theory positions
theory power
theory pretty
theory probably
theory procedural
theory question
theory questions
theory read
theory really
theory reason
theory reason reject
theory reject
theory round
theory s
theory said
theory shell
theory shells
theory slow
theory stuff
theory t
theory tend
theory theory
theory theory arguments
theory think
theory think theory
theory time
theory topicality
theory unless
theory used
theory usually
theory violation
theory violations
theory vote
theory want
theory way
theory win
theory won
theory world
thereof
thesis
thesis argument
thesis k
thing
thing debate
thing don
thing don t
thing just
thing know
thing ll
thing love
thing m
thing really
thing round
thing s
thing say
thing think
thing want
thing zero
thing zero risk
things bad
things believe
things debate
things debaters
things don
things don t
things equal
things flow
things good
things happen
things happened
things happening
things hate
things important
things know
things like
things ll
things look
things m
things make
things matter
things mind
things need
things note
things plan
things probably
things really
things s
things said
things say
things think
things try
things ve
things want
things way
things work
things world
think activity
think aff
think aff s
think affirmative
think affirmatives
think affs
think alt
think ar
think argument
think arguments
think bad
think best
think better
think cards
think case
think certain
think clear
think competing
think competing interpretations
think conditional
think conditionality
think conditionality good
think condo
think counterplans
think cp
think cp s
think cps
think critical
think debate
think debate educational
think debate game
think debaters
think debates
think don
think don t
think education
think evidence
think fair
think fairness
think fairness impact
think fine
think framework
think framework debates
think fw
think general
think generally
think going
think good
think great
think hard
think having
think helpful
think helps
think impact
think important
think important debate
think job
think judge
think just
think k
think k affs
think know
think kritiks
think ks
think like
think limits
think link
think ll
think lot
think m
think m pretty
think make
think makes
think means
think necessary
think need
think needs
think neg
think neg needs
think negative
think negatives
think new
think offense
think people
think perm
think perms
think permutations
think persuasive
think pics
think plan
think policy
think politics
think possible
think pretty
think probably
think read
think reading
think really
think reasonability
think role
think role ballot
think round
think s
think s good
think s important
think say
think solvency
think specific
think speed
think strategic
think strong
think t
think team
think teams
think theory
think things
think think
think time
think times
think topic
think topical
think topicality
think true
think value
think ve
think want
think way
think win
think winning
think won
thinker
thinking
thinking debate
thinking skills
thinks
tho
thomas
thorough
thoroughly
thoroughly explain
thought
thought debate
thoughtful
thoughts
thoughts arguments
thoughts debate
thoughts specific
thoughts topicality
thousand
thread
threat
threaten
threats
threshold
threshold explanation
threshold t
threshold theory
threshold topicality
threshold voting
thresholds
thrilled
throw
throw away
throwing
thrown
thumb
thumbs
thumpers
tidbits
tie
tiebreaker
tied
ties
tight
time allocation
time arguments
time ask
time better
time constraints
time debate
time debater
time debates
time debating
time does
time doing
time don
time don t
time effort
time ends
time energy
time especially
time explain
time explaining
time flash
time flow
time frame
time framework
time going
time hear
time impact
time investment
time job
time judge
time judging
time just
time like
time limits
time ll
time m
time make
time making
time ndt
time place
time prep
time prep time
time read
time reading
time really
time round
time s
time skew
time speech
time speeches
time spent
time start
time stops
time suck
time talking
time team
time teams
time things
time think
time thinking
time time
time tournament
time try
time trying
time unless
time use
time ve
time vote
time voting
time want
time winning
timeframe
timeframe magnitude
timeframe magnitude probability
timeframe probability
timely
timer
timer goes
times
times debaters
times teams
timing
tiny
tip
tips
tired
tl
tl dr
tldr
toc
today
told
told vote
tolerance
tolerate
tolerated
ton
ton cards
ton evidence
tone
tons
took
took time
tool
tools
topic aff
topic affirmative
topic area
topic arguments
topic assume
topic bad
topic better
topic da
topic debate
topic debated
topic does
topic doesn
topic doesn t
topic don
topic don t
topic education
topic experience
topic explain
topic far
topic generally
topic going
topic good
topic hand
topic important
topic judged
topic just
topic knowledge
topic like
topic lit
topic literature
topic ll
topic look
topic look like
topic m
topic means
topic negative
topic plan
topic prefer
topic probably
topic related
topic research
topic s
topic said
topic specific
topic specific acronyms
topic specific education
topic specific jargon
topic t
topic theory
topic think
topic thoughts
topic ve
topic want
topic way
topic year
topical
topical action
topical aff
topical affirmatives
topical affs
topical counterplans
topical debate
topical don
topical don t
topical example
topical example resolution
topical k
topical plan
topical plan text
topical plans
topical policy
topical think
topical version
topical version aff
topical version affirmative
topical versions
topical versions aff
topicality aff
topicality argument
topicality arguments
topicality competing
topicality competing interpretations
topicality debate
topicality debates
topicality default
topicality default competing
topicality don
topicality don t
topicality enjoy
topicality framework
topicality framework arguments
topicality generally
topicality good
topicality k
topicality like
topicality love
topicality m
topicality need
topicality prefer
topicality procedurals
topicality s
topicality t
topicality tend
topicality theory
topicality think
topicality topicality
topicality vote
topicality voting
topicality voting issue
topically
topics
total
totality
totally
totally fine
touch
touching
tough
tough sell
tougher
tournament
tournament judging
tournament rules
tournament s
tournaments
tournaments year
towson
towson university
track
traction
trade
trades
tradition
traditional
traditional aff
traditional affirmatives
traditional affs
traditional arguments
traditional debate
traditional debates
traditional framework
traditional non
traditional policy
traditional policy arguments
traditional policy debate
traditional teams
traditionally
trained
training
trans
transfer
transition
transitions
translate
translated
transparency
transparent
transphobia
transphobic
transportation
trap
trash
travel
traveling
treat
treat like
treat opponents
treat respect
treated
treating
trees
tremendous
trend
trends
trial
trick
tricks
tricky
tried
trier
tries
trigger
triggered
triggering
triggers
trinity
trinity university
trivial
trouble
true
true argument
true arguments
true false
true k
true s
true theory
truly
truly believe
trump
trumps
trust
truth
truth claims
truth debate
truth s
truth tech
truth testing
truth truth
truths
try adapt
try avoid
try best
try clear
try die
try engage
try evaluate
try explain
try flow
try fun
try good
try hard
try hardest
try intervene
try judge
try let
try let debaters
try make
try objective
try open
try read
try understand
try win
try work
trying
trying adapt
trying figure
trying make
trying win
tubs
tune
turn
turn aff
turn camera
turn case
turn debate
turn debates
turn framework
turn k
turned
turning
turning case
turning framework
turns
turns aff
turns case
turns case arguments
turns da
turns don
turns don t
turns fairness
turns framework
turns impact
turns k
turns outweighs
turns solvency
turns t
tva
tva s
tvas
twice
tx
tying
tyler
type
type argument
type arguments
type cp
type debate
type k
typed
types
types arguments
types arguments debate
types counterplans
types cps
types debate
types debates
typical
typically
typing
u
u s
uc
uc berkeley
udl
uga
uh
ultimate
ultimately
umich
umkc
umn
unable
unacceptable
unanswered
unbiased
unclear
uncomfortable
unconditional
uncontested
unconvinced
underdeveloped
underestimate
undergrad
undergraduate
underlined
underlying
underlying assumptions
undermine
undermines
underpinnings
underrated
understand aff
understand argument
understand arguments
understand critical
understand debate
understand don
understand don t
understand flow
understand k
understand lot
understand m
understand need
understand people
understand s
understand saying
understand strategic
understand t
understand talking
understand think
understand try
understand utility
understand vote
understand won
understand won t
understandable
understanding
understanding arguments
understanding k
understanding topic
understandings
understands
understood
underused
underutilized
undervalued
underviews
undesirable
unethical
unexpected
unfair
unfamiliar
unfortunate
unfortunately
unhappy
unhelpful
uniform
unimpressed
unintelligible
uninterested
union
unique
uniquely
uniquely bad
uniqueness
uniqueness controls
uniqueness debate
uniqueness determines
uniqueness determines direction
uniqueness does
uniqueness evidence
uniqueness important
uniqueness link
united
united states
united states federal
universal
universally
universities
university assistant
university central
university coach
university coached
university currently
university debated
university georgia
university high
university high school
university houston
university iowa
university kansas
university kentucky
university louisville
university mary
university mary washington
university michigan
university minnesota
university nevada
university new
university north
university north texas
university oklahoma
university pittsburgh
university present
university rochester
university southern
university southern california
university texas
university university
university wyoming
university years
unless absolutely
unless aff
unless argument
unless clear
unless clearly
unless debaters
unless dropped
unless explain
unless explained
unless explicitly
unless explicitly told
unless given
unless instructed
unless m
unless neg
unless negative
unless really
unless s
unless team
unless tell
unless told
unless tournament
unlike
unlikely
unlikely persuaded
unlikely vote
unlimited
unlv
unnecessarily
unnecessary
unpack
unpersuaded
unpersuasive
unpleasant
unpredictable
unqualified
unrealistic
unreasonable
unrelated
unsafe
unsure
unsympathetic
untopical
untrue
unusual
unwarranted
unwilling
unwinnable
update
updated
updated september
updates
updating
upfront
uphill
uphill battle
upper
upset
uq
uq link
ur
urban
urban debate
urban debate league
urge
usage
usb
usc
use advantage
use arguments
use ballot
use case
use cross
use cross ex
use cx
use debate
use email
use evidence
use examples
use impact
use prep
use prep time
use speech
use speechdrop
use state
use theory
use time
use topic
used
used debate
used say
used think
useful
useless
uses
usfg
usfg action
usfg framework
using
using evidence
usma
usual
usually
usually better
usually debaters
usually default
usually don
usually don t
usually flow
usually good
usually important
usually just
usually means
usually need
usually pretty
usually read
usually reason
usually reason reject
usually s
usually think
usually vote
usually win
usually wins
ut
util
utilitarian
utilitarianism
utility
utilize
utilized
utilizing
utmost
utopian
utterly
v
v framework
v k
v k aff
v k affs
v k debate
v k debates
v k rounds
v method
v policy
v policy affs
v policy debates
vacuous
vacuum
vague
vague alts
vague plan
vaguely
vagueness
valid
validity
valley
valuable
value
value clarity
value criterion
value debate
value good
value life
value research
value value
value value criterion
valued
values
vanderbilt
vanderbilt university
variation
variations
varieties
variety
variety arguments
various
various arguments
varsity
varsity debater
varsity policy
vary
varying
vast
vast majority
vastly
ve coached
ve coaching
ve come
ve debate
ve debated
ve decided
ve given
ve gone
ve got
ve heard
ve judged
ve judged rounds
ve judging
ve learned
ve noticed
ve probably
ve read
ve run
ve said
ve seen
ve spent
ve started
ve told
ve tried
ve voted
ve won
ve written
vegas
vein
verbal
verbally
verbals
verbatim
verify
vermont
versa
versed
versed critical
versed critical literature
versed literature
version
version aff
version affirmative
version argument
version debate
version topic
versions
versions aff
versus
versus k
viable
viable option
viable strategy
vice
vice versa
victory
video
view
view debate
view debate game
view debates
view role
view round
view t
view topicality
view world
viewed
viewing
viewing computer
viewpoint
views
views debate
violate
violated
violates
violation
violation standards
violations
violence
violent
virginia
virginia university
virtual
virtually
virtue
vis
vis vis
vision
vision debate
vision topic
visions
visual
vital
vocabulary
vocal
voice
voices
volume
vote aff
vote aff neg
vote aff theory
vote affirmative
vote argument
vote argument long
vote arguments
vote arguments don
vote bad
vote based
vote best
vote better
vote case
vote certain
vote cheap
vote clear
vote conditionality
vote condo
vote cp
vote critical
vote da
vote debate
vote disclosure
vote disclosure theory
vote don
vote don t
vote dropped
vote explain
vote fairness
vote flow
vote framework
vote fw
vote going
vote impact
vote impact turns
vote just
vote k
vote k s
vote kritiks
vote like
vote ll
vote long
vote m
vote make
vote means
vote need
vote neg
vote neg aff
vote neg presumption
vote neg t
vote negative
vote negative presumption
vote non
vote performance
vote perm
vote plan
vote policy
vote potential
vote potential abuse
vote presumption
vote reasonability
vote risk
vote round
vote rvi
vote s
vote said
vote stock
vote t
vote team
vote teams
vote tell
vote theory
vote theory arguments
vote things
vote think
vote time
vote topicality
vote unless
vote vote
vote way
vote win
vote wins
vote won
vote zero
vote zero risk
voted
voted aff
voted arguments
voted framework
voted just
voted neg
voted t
voted think
voter
voters
votes
voting aff
voting affirmative
voting argument
voting arguments
voting condo
voting don
voting don t
voting framework
voting issue
voting issue reverse
voting issues
voting k
voting neg
voting negative
voting presumption
voting record
voting t
voting team
voting theory
voting way
vs
vs aff
vs case
vs framework
vs k
vs k affs
vs k debates
vs neg
vs plan
vs policy
vs policy affs
vs t
vs truth
vtl
vulnerable
w
w o
wacky
wait
waiting
wake
wake forest
wake forest university
walk
walking
wall
wanna
want able
want arguments
want ballot
want best
want clear
want consider
want debate
want debaters
want debates
want defend
want don
want don t
want email
want email chain
want evaluate
want explain
want feel
want flow
want good
want hear
want judge
want just
want just make
want know
want listen
want ll
want long
want m
want make
want make sure
want read
want read evidence
want round
want run
want say
want slow
want speech
want t
want talk
want tell
want theory
want understand
want use
want vote
want vote theory
want win
want work
wanted
wanting
wants
war
war extinction
war good
war powers
warming
warming good
warn
warned
warning
warnings
warrant
warrant comparison
warrant evidence
warrant impact
warrant implication
warranted
warranted analysis
warranted argument
warranted arguments
warranted explanation
warranted impacted
warranting
warrantless
warrants
warrants arguments
warrants card
warrants cards
warrants claims
warrants don
warrants don t
warrants evidence
warrants impacts
warrants just
wars
wary
wash
washburn
washington
washington university
wasn
wasn t
waste
waste time
wasted
wasting
wasting time
watch
watch v
watched
watching
water
water topic
way aff
way arguments
way avoid
way ballot
way better
way debate
way debaters
way did
way don
way don t
way engage
way evaluate
way frame
way framework
way good
way judge
way like
way ll
way lose
way m
way make
way makes
way makes sense
way persuade
way round
way s
way say
way saying
way team
way tell
way theory
way think
way view
way vote
way want
way win
way win ballot
wayne
wayne state
wayne state university
ways
ways aff
ways make
ways win
weak
weaker
weakest
weakness
weaknesses
weapon
weapons
wear
wearing
weber
weber state
weber state university
week
weekend
weekends
weigh
weigh ac
weigh aff
weigh arguments
weigh case
weigh impacts
weigh plan
weighed
weighing
weighing arguments
weighing impacts
weighing mechanism
weighs
weight
weird
welcome
went
went k
weren
weren t
west
west georgia
west high
west high school
west point
west virginia
western
whatnot
whatsoever
whichever
whichever team
whine
whining
white
whiteness
whitman
whitman college
wholly
wichita
wichita state
wide
wide range
wide range arguments
wide variety
wider
wiki
wild
wilderson
wildly
william
willing
willing assign
willing defend
willing evaluate
willing hear
willing listen
willing vote
willing vote presumption
willing vote theory
willing vote zero
willingness
win aff
win alt
win alternative
win argument
win arguments
win ballot
win case
win condo
win counterplan
win cp
win da
win debate
win debates
win don
win don t
win dropped
win fairness
win flow
win framework
win good
win impact
win impact turns
win just
win k
win like
win link
win lose
win loss
win make
win need
win neg
win offense
win perm
win risk
win round
win rounds
win s
win t
win team
win theory
win theory argument
win theory debate
win things
win think
win topical
win topicality
win vote
win win
win zero
win zero risk
wind
winnable
winner
winner loser
winners
winning
winning argument
winning arguments
winning ballot
winning case
winning debate
winning debates
winning framework
winning impact
winning link
winning offense
winning round
winning strategy
winning team
winning theory
wins
wins argument
wins debate
wins debates
wins loses
wins round
wipeout
wisconsin
wise
wisely
wish
wishes
wit
witness
witty
woman
women
won arguments
won debate
won flow
won lost
won round
won t
won t able
won t automatically
won t evaluate
won t far
won t flow
won t happy
won t intervene
won t judge
won t kick
won t know
won t like
won t listen
won t make
won t necessarily
won t read
won t vote
won t win
won t work
wonder
wonderful
wondering
wonders
wont
wont vote
word
word pic
word pics
word salad
wording
words
words like
words mean
words minute
words plan
words resolution
words use
work debate
work debaters
work don
work don t
work explaining
work hard
work hard make
work impact
work make
work round
work s
work team
work theory
work think
work time
work vote
work win
worked
worked hard
working
working hard
working knowledge
works
world
world aff
world affirmative
world alt
world alternative
world better
world debate
world impact
world looks
world looks like
world perm
world plan
world s
world view
worlds
worldview
worried
worry
worse
worse debate
worst
worst case
worst debates
worst thing
worth
worthwhile
worthy
wouldn
wouldn t
wow
wpm
writ
writ large
write
write ballot
writing
written
wrong
wrong forum
wrote
www
www youtube
www youtube com
wyoming
x
x aff
x aff ground
x argument
x conditionality
x debate
x flow
x impact
x k
x link
x ndt
x questions
x read
x s
x speech
x states
x states cp
x time
x truth
x y
x y z
xo
xyz
y
y z
ya
ya ll
yeah
year
year coaching
year college
year debate
year debated
year debater
year half
year high
year judge
year judging
year judging college
year law
year law student
year m
year policy
year s
year s topic
year think
year ve
year year
years ago
years baylor
years coached
years coaching
years college
years college debate
years college policy
years currently
years debate
years debate experience
years debated
years debating
years don
years don t
years experience
years high
years high school
years hs
years judge
years judged
years judging
years liberty
years liberty university
years m
years ndt
years ndt ceda
years npda
years open
years policy
years policy debate
years time
years university
years ve
years working
years year
yell
yell clear
yelling
yes
yes email
yes email chain
yes know
yes like
yes like email
yes ll
yes m
yes question
yes read
yes s
yes vote
yes want
yes want email
yield
york
young
younger
youre
youtube
youtube com
youtube com watch
yrs
z
zero
zero risk
zero risk disad
zero risk link
zero risk possible
zero speaker
zero speaker points
zero tolerance
zizek
zone
zoom
